This place is crowded everytime I go, for a good reason. The food is excellent! Only issue with the place is the noise making it hard to have a decent conversation.
The service here was so excellent but the food was kind of bland and disappointing. I was excited scanning through the menu as everything sounded really promising but the two dishes and the smoothie we got was really flavourless.
It's wonderful.my friends love it. They ordered boths breakfast and lunch for one meal, the size of one plate is great as well, we could try more different choice.
Had high expectations coming here as all my friends raved about it. Was really looking forward to it. I ordered a pizetta (more like pizzthetic) for $16. Absolutely ridiculous prices for such an average "pizza. Not to mention it was tasteless. I also had a caramel milkshake and this was so gross I coudlnt finish it. Exceptionally disappointed. Would never come back.
Have come here a few times, although hadn't been in a while due to the fact it isn't the local option. Honestly exceeds my expectations each time, staff are very attentive and made sure the experience was a good one. The eggs benedict and the iced chocolate were delicious - and both beautifully presented. Incredible atmosphere and high on my list when choosing somewhere to eat. Loved the Snapchat content.
What an amazing place! Outstanding service and incredibly friendly and polite staff. Not to forget about the food as it was unforgettable. Such a special place. Highly recommend!!!
You can't really go wrong when visiting any Cafes by the hip-group. Especially St heliers cafe & bistro. Always quick & friendly service, have been multiple times and will definitely be back soon.
My second time here, always enjoy their lovely service - genuine host, friendly staff, very welcoming atmosphere. Great food, definitely recommend their Pizza, perhaps the best I've had in town (thin base with rich flavorous toppings). What's amazing about this place, I think, is you are given a fine dining experience with a homy warm touch.
Contemporary cafe i love sitting by window seat while looking at sea. I really enjoyed egga benedict on salmon  service was good and they produce quality dishes. Just around the corner, theres my fav handmade ice cream place which i cannot walking pass.
Stunning views, food and service. I cannot wait to come back!! We didn't have to wait for a table, we were seated right by the window gazing out over the beach and the food was prompt to the table. I ordered the agria galette with bacon and it was scrumptious! The agria galette was soft and flavoursome, the egg was perfectly cooked and so was the bacon. The salted caramel gelato shake was a perfect addition to the meal. Light and creamy and perfectly sweet.
One of the nicest Cafe /Bistro in Auckland loved the atmosphere. Super busy..at dinner but lovely service and amazing food. Highly recommend to all.
Very nice environment to start with, a little bit hidden but it's really nice to be in. Food was amazing, I ordered the lamb and it was so yum. The meat was so tender and risotto was yum. I would love a bit better seasoning but over all awesome experience. My mates ordered burger, pizza, fish and chips and pork. But the lamb was the best dish to stand out. Highly recommended.
No cafe is ever going to satisfy everyone, but I'd say this cafe is pretty perfect. Judging from how busy the place is, St Heliers Bar and bistro maintains a consistently top notch cafe experience and they are generous with their staff numbers who are well trained- they make sure the customers are enjoying their meal without being overbearing. 
Shocked. Amazing looking place, nice atmosphere but was charged $9 for the most horrible iced mocha ever. :-( Was almost room temperature and had nothing worth $9 about it. Couldn't believe I paid so much.
Nice dishes n good customer service by a French waiter. Love the chocolate tart for dessert :) Definitely gonna come back to try the lunch next time
The cabinet food and gelato also looked amazing, I'll definately be back!
Their duck fat potatoes were very yum but pizzas were quite different to what we imagined! Very healthy Right by the beach area so a very lovely location Perfect for a weekend drove through mission bay and a food stop here
Food was EXCELLENT - Definitely recommend the slow roast lamb, it was so tender and flavoursome. On the other hand, the duck fat potatoes was so delicious and roasted to perfection! We'll definitely be coming back for dinner sometime and look forward to try the panna cotta
One of my favourite restaurants! Never ever fails to satisfy the cravings I have. Beautiful food and excellent service 
Know this restaurant from Zomato.Found out is the same as Takapuna Beach Cafe. Cheaper price with more variety of choice. But if you like fish and chips you can go to Takapuna Beach Cafe. Bigger portion.
Service was attentive and food was amazing. The pizzetta with mozzarella, mushroom, watercress was just doughy goodness. Pillowy soft flat bread with stringy mozzarella and mushrooms that is packed with flavour.
I love going to St Heliers cafe as its location is stunning! One of our favourite spots for a girls' brunch. The food is great and the service is great. The only downside is that everytime we go we feel a bit pressured to leave (due to being super busy all the time).
Overall, a chic cafe to enjoy a summers meal in. Would recommend a visit, but perhaps not worth an extremely long wait during peak dining times.. Although if you were willing, no where better to wait than the beach!
Came for dinner last night - menu is very fancy, presentation is amazing and staff are friendly and helpful. Atmosphere was relaxed and the view was great. I want to go back and try the whole menu!
Love this place for weekend lunches! The oysters are some of the best and most fresh that I've tasted in a restaurant! They had a good selection of wine to match and an awesome atmosphere with attentive staff and right across from the beach so you have amazing views to match!
Love where this restaurant is located. It's so nice in summer with the big windows open and the view of the sea and nice breeze . If you feel like a relaxing evening, delicioys dinner and yummy cocktails then it's a must
The pizetta... Omg... I could be happy with two as my dinner haha! The food, service and ambiance are all great here! We came here on a Saturday night and it was busy! We ended up sitting closer to the kitchen on a shared table where we were happy to stay - they made sure to ask if we wanted a seat when it became free :) 
Immaculate establishment that sets the standard in fine dining, the view from this place is amazing! The eggs benedict and salmon I had here were magnificent! the staff were friendly and very much attentive! wonderful spot for breakfast, lunch or dinner! #g1
Love this place in the first step of entering. The whole interior is soooo lovely. The view to the bay is pretty and relaxing. Staffs are very welcome and friendly too. 
It's a really busy and nice cafe. Love the food and environment here Staff are really friendly. I've got Egg Benedict with smoke salmon. It tasted so goooood. I think it's one of the best Egg Benedict I've had. Two other friends ordered the maker fish, bacon & sausage and they were all really happy with their choice. 
Went there this morning for brunch with my best friend from welly. I had the granola with the poached pear and a flat white. It was a nice light and delicious start to the day. The ambience in the restaurant is always very vibrant.
One of Auckland's lovely new delights. The interior design is great and the service is outstanding. Attentive, friendly patient staff real enhance the wonderful experience. The good comes quickly, and sparkling water is constantly topped up. The granola is amazing 8/10 and I would definitely recommend it. 
Yummy! Good atmosphere and good food! My partner ordered the smoked fish and i got the smashed eggs. The combination in our food sounded a bit odd but after we have our food, we had no complaints. It suprisingly worked well. We also ordered a small pizza to share. By the end of it. We were satisfied and full!
Great Sunday brunch to start the day. We were a group of 4 adults and a 7-month old and though it was very crowded the morning we went - they managed to accommodate for space with a carriage and seated us within a 20-minute window!The restaurant itself is a pretty sight overlooking the beach! Great assortment of take out items as well! Will come back to try on a less busy morning! 
The menu is really fresh and bright - brimming with great seasonal combinations - brussel sprouts (I know - not everyone can do a brussel sprout) broccolini, tossed in butter and almonds with 'smashed' eggs on top - It was really a wonderful 'winter' version of a salad.
I've visited a few times for a quick ice-cream stop while at the beach; the flavours are true to the names and so delicious, while the texture is always very creamy and smooth. I love the location of the cafe, and it's so nice to sit by the open windows on a warm summers day. As with the other HIP group restaurants, their service is always very professional & friendly, but they do have the option to add a tip at the till, so sometimes it can be a little bit intense..!
Oh how I love this place ! The food is beautiful and seasonal the view is great it never fails to disappoint. I've brunched here more than once on a Sunday morning with my girlfriends and everything always sounds amazing, looks amazing and more importantly taste amazing. The coffee is always great too! Would highly recommend for a Sunday brunch catch up with the girls
Mmmm the hip group know how to do cafes right! It's on the expensive side, however your paying for quality food and service! I never leave disappointed. There is an art to great scrambled eggs, and St Heliers Bay Bistro have it mastered! Highly recommend. Great for Sunday brunch, however I must warn that it's popular, so it may take a while to be seated.
Good food, great,stylish fitout and yummy food.the sparking water is a nice touch! Great menu selection! Like many of its sister restaurants (Rosie and Takapuna Beach Cafe) it's a stylish venue! Only quam is the number of people that are crammed into and inside space in winter. Great tho and a purge cut breakfast or lunch choice -best of the bays!
Always delivers good food and a great environment. Definitely recommended, get their apple and rhubarb crumble and their affogato, it was delicious.
The best thing about this place is the staff. So professional yet so friendly at the same time. Such a great location. Oh and then theres the food! Such a great selection and great flavours! Loved the lamb Pizzette. And then theres the cake deli... the jam doughnut WOW love love love. you must try this place
I come here nearly 5 days a week.. The service is second to none... They are really friendly... The food is just amazing... They really care about you and how you feel... I have been to every single cafe in St heilers and mission Bay.... Look no further... You have found your utopia... The only problem is that when you try another place to eat at... You always comparing it to this place...
Went on a Saturday afternoon for coffee with friends. Coffee was really good! Service was good and was to nice to have sparkling water, staff also really onto it with re filling - would definitely come back!
Great place I go there every day for coffee and pastries the staff is very friendly.I recommend this place to anyone. 
Perfect Saturday brunch, even on a rainy day. Not the best for kids but faultless food and coffee. Would definitely come back. Even had Almond Milk for my dairy-free toddler!
Great place great food amazing service. I love st heliers cafe and bistro!
The food is always delicious and fresh. You can honestly taste the quality ingredients they use. There is always a perfect balance between the flavours of the meat, veggies and sauce. It's never over powering !
Been here several time for coffee and a few times for lunch and dinner. Food places in St Heliers has really improved over the last few years. This place is probably the best in the area. Service is always top notch. Highly recommended.
Fantastic food, well priced. The presentation and care in presentation is certainly noticed. Service staff very attentive and patient and would highly recommend. . Just love everything about this place! 
Have been in for both lunch and dinner and have never been disappointed
This is our local- great coffee ( as per the store in Kohi) amazing selection of food, love having a sneaky vino with lunch when coming here plus there take away selection is good to get a sneaky brioche in the side 
this place is amazing. the interior is warm, inviting and the ambience is perfect. the iced mocha was great as well. i loved how it was customisable — you could add as much coffee or milk as you wanted. the hot cakes were fluffy and the flavours mixed well together. aaaaargh!!! definitely coming back here again. 
This place has the sophisticated, modern vibe down to a tee. Although it's a bit out of the way for me, the beach view and excellent service is worth coming back for! 
Mmmm. Gorgeous view, better menu. Yay for the fish and chips - chunky wedge style potatoes, fresh sea food. Reasonably priced. I liked the presentation too. Batter on the fish was not too oily, sufficiently crisp - well salted but not overwhelmingly so :) I can't wait to try more.
Generous portions and fantastic coffee, the view is lovely too. Great breakfast spot, eggs benedict and pancakes in the morning is the way to go, shame about the delicate wobbly tables.
I ordered the 7 seed granola and house hot chocolate and my sister ordered the hot cakes and iced mocha. I was pleasantly surprised to find out they had a big range of different milk, so I chose to have almond milk! My granola was awesome! It was crunchy and the rhubarb and yoghurt that came with it was delicious. The hot cakes were also delicious. The pear and mascarpone that came with was so good. They were also perfect sizes! The drinks were also really nice. I love having deconstructed drinks so points for that! The food, service and atmosphere were all great, I can't wait to go back.
I've had breakfast an lunch here numerous times because it's a great place to eat! The menu has lots of very good food, you really can't go wrong with any choice and the coffee is good. It deserves its reputation as one of Auckland's best.
However I can say that the food is fairly consistent and the house wines always good. Service can vary but mostly it's very good.
We were super full but I had to try their dessert. Tiramisu ($9.5) is one of my favorite so I was really looking forward to this but... It was touch too creamy for me. I enjoy a light and puffy ones but the creamcheese here was very solid. There were only small portion of the sponge cake which made it harder to eat... Damn it, I should've gone for the rhubarb & custard crumble... Not to worry, there is always a next time. I would love to come back and try other dishes.
The food far below par! The smallest menu in town. We will never be back.
Excellent spot for waterside dining, either a lighter fare to a great meal....From the table service with complimentary sparkling water to marvelous fish dishes with lovely veggie presentations, this is a treasure on Mission Bay where the real estate values can overshadow the quality of restaurant dining...Definitely will be a regular there.
Went to St Heliers Cafe and Bistro for dinner tonight. Fantastic food and wine and a very good waiter. The fish of the day was Blue Nose which was cooked to perfection and we also had the lamb which was easy to pull apart and cooked and presented beautifully. The desert menu is highly recommended. A great night out and very reasonably priced. Highly recommended.
My wife, son and I went there today for lunch. We got there early so no wait but it quickly filled up. The food was very tasty - My wife and I had the market fish which was pan fried Hapuka with the skin on, served on Pearl Barley. The fish was delicious and had a very nice green pea reduction with incorporated flavours of mint and lemon, that was drizzled around the outside of the plate. It seemed to complement the fish very well. My son had the Fish and Chips which he enjoyed. We also ordered a side of the Agria fries which were very good. Once it got busy though the service did slow down a fair bit. We all had a Pear and Hazelnut pie with Mascapone for dessert. Overall we were very happy with the food but would recommend you get here early. We intend to return to try some of the other offerings on the menu.
Lovely cafe by the beach. Service was excellent and the juices were lovely. The handkerchief pasta with zucchini, asparagus, feta and pine nuts was a standout and a beautiful light dish for summer. A definite local favourite on this visit to auckland.
Friendly staff, excellent service . Food was average, lacked seasoning ( we nearly used the whole dish of salt ) .
Wow! What a cafe. Great staff topped off with excellent good and not bad coffee. Well done.
My self and 3 friends went there for brunch. Great place - very busy but the staff were so onto it. The food was fab and the portions generous. The waiter was very attentive and entertaining. We will be back !
I am a local and have been a fan of St Heliers Bistro from the beginning. ...However - my last visit in early June was disappointing.
St Heliers Cafe &amp; Bistro has become a new regular of mine. From the excellent food, to stunning views and great staff, if you are in St Heliers for a meal, look no further. For brunch I would highly recommend their Fried agria &amp; caramelised onion hash with rocket &amp; a poached egg. Simply delish!
Great location. Great views. Great staff. Been there a few times now. The staff are always fabulous - well informed, friendly and helpful.
Awesome food! Great service! Great coffee! Always greeted nicely with an offer to sit down, a glass of sparkling water, and the paper! The owners of this establishment have just plainly got everything right!!
We have been regular diners at this lovely restaurant since it opened. We couldn't fault it on the first night and haven't on subsequent visits (generally one night a week). The menu is simple and the food beautifully executed, in fact we haven't ordered one thing we haven't enjoyed. Also congratulations to the owners as they have kept their prices where they are affordable to everyone old and young. Great friendly staff, superb views, what more can I say!
We had lunch here a few weeks ago and it was outstanding. All of the staff there were attentive, friendly and the service was fast! We took our 5 week old baby (first lunch out!), so we didn't want to have to wait too long. Even though the restaurant was heaving, our meals came very quickly. There were other kids and babies there, a mixed clientele of all types and the atmosphere was welcoming, buzzing and friendly, as well as professional. The menu and food is divine, we were very impressed. All in all, the food, service, decor and location are all fantastic. We're really excited to have a really quality cafe &amp; restaurant in the area, with top notch food &amp; service to match!
