This place is crowded everytime I go, for a good reason. The food is excellent! Only issue with the place is the noise making it hard to have a decent conversation.
Beautiful views, exceptionally clean and......Consistently good food, quality ingredients, happy staff who bend over backwards to accommodate your needs. This is a regular post exercise meeting place for my friends and me and the consensus is the food is great but the coffee is served weak....the smallest cup they serve shouldn't have to be "double shot"!! For the sake of five or so coffee beans they could improve this.
Went there for brunch with a friend and must say that the smoked fish (made in house, according to staff) was very good, same for the sorbet. Price is OK, not as expensive as I expected considering it's in St Heliers and the contemporary decor with beautiful and conform table chairs. Nice place to have coffee, a meal or drinks with a good view of the beach.
The service here was so excellent but the food was kind of bland and disappointing. I was excited scanning through the menu as everything sounded really promising but the two dishes and the smoothie we got was really flavourless.
It's wonderful.my friends love it. They ordered boths breakfast and lunch for one meal, the size of one plate is great as well, we could try more different choice.
Despite being a busy place, the service here really stands out. Extra attentive and accommodating staff made our short wait worthwhile. We were seated by the window which looked out to the ocean - couldn't be more perfect for a relaxed weekend lunch.  I had the market fish and i was extremely happy with it - seared perfectly and a lovely vinaigrette in the salad made it a light and perky meal. I would totally recommend ordering this one.  As for the lamb dish, the meat was tender but together with the quinoa it ended up tasting a bit bland. On the whole, this place has awesome quality food - worth revisiting for sure
Being part of cafe and kohi that we didn't realise until we were looking at menu and seen a staff member from kohi we had to try, this group never fails everything they do is AAAA class overall everything is 100% food staff decor etc I'm sure we will be back we always do
Came for lunch. Food was okay. They were happy to adapt most things on there menu to make them gluten free. We waited in my opinion to long to get our drinks. With people receiving theirs before us even though they had ordered after us. Was okay. Not bad, but not amazing either.
I was expecting so much more from St Heliers Bay Bistro. I felt so claustrophobic from the minute I sat down. It was hot and stuffy. I know it's summer, but there was no ventilation. Well apart from the sliding door from where you enter. It got to the point where I had to stop eating and leave.  The service varied.. the two female servers were nice and attentive. Where as the Indian male was a bit abrupt. And rude when my partner said no to desserts because it was too hot there for us.  Food was okay/average. I had the duck and my partner had the fish and chips. He did really enjoy the peas on the dish. Mine was nothing I'd be back for.
Had high expectations coming here as all my friends raved about it. Was really looking forward to it. I ordered a pizetta (more like pizzthetic) for $16. Absolutely ridiculous prices for such an average "pizza. Not to mention it was tasteless. I also had a caramel milkshake and this was so gross I coudlnt finish it. Exceptionally disappointed. Would never come back.
The Crème de la crème of St Heliers. If I'm honest with you all, I've thought about this place for weeks since I was there... it's just so dreamy. A hip group property which definitely holds up to their high standards, there's a reason I always rate them 5/5. Location, location, location, need I say more?? You also get treated like a queen or king here. Keep going you say? Well.. the god damn food. Every plate has so much care and love put into it with a large sprinkle of fine dining, I felt like I had died and gone to heaven eating here. Just go, you aren't a true Aucklander if you don't.
Excellent food, attentive team, service was thorough and swift, however this could make some people fee like they're being rushed to clear the table. Understandable though because the big cue is big for all the right reasons.
Most pompous and overrated establishment in the area. They believe that they can hype up and poshify their dishes with words in menu descriptions borrowed from Romance languages, which works right up until the actual food is in front of you. Portion sizes are ridiculously small considering the price. Only properly satisfying dish they have is their big breakfast, whatever it's called. Their pizettas are awfully hard, and many children could probably bake something more interesting. Their staff are some of the most condescending people I have ever met. Only saving graces are the modern decor and the view. Please do not fall for the place.
Been here twice already- first was to celebrate my birthday with my fam & second was just a casual brunch with my partner Abhishek Nair, both times I've been here, everything was good- food, ambiance and service. The 1st time I came here I ordered 'Fish Crudo', where in I don't have any idea that it was a raw fish (I don't like raw fish... I'm not a big fan of sushi.) The dish was good tho it came with a sweet lemony puree on the side which makes it more tastier and easier for me to eat. The food my fam ordered were good as well. The 2nd time I came here, I ordered 'Fish & Chips' along with the 'Summer Health Fresh Juice'. Me and my partner love the juice! It was refreshing! My partner ordered 'Pulled Pork Pizzetta'. The place is so cozy plus St. Heliers Bay is just in front of the cafe. After eating, you could just head down to the bay for a stroll or just chill. Staffs were friendly and helpful as well
Very disappointed with the experience i had this morning. The service is slack for an off peak hour on a weekday. My empty glass has never been filled up the whole time i had my brunch there. The table and chairs were not properly clean and full of bits and pieces from the previous customers. Ordered the hotcakes which were one of the worst i have ever had. Didn't even finish it and left the restaurant with empty stomach. Will still give it a try next time i am in the area given the high rating, and hope this time is just an unlucky experience.
Have come here a few times, although hadn't been in a while due to the fact it isn't the local option. Honestly exceeds my expectations each time, staff are very attentive and made sure the experience was a good one. The eggs benedict and the iced chocolate were delicious - and both beautifully presented. Incredible atmosphere and high on my list when choosing somewhere to eat. Loved the Snapchat content.
What an amazing place! Outstanding service and incredibly friendly and polite staff. Not to forget about the food as it was unforgettable. Such a special place. Highly recommend!!!
We walked in late Saturday afternoon hoping for a coffee and snacks. The restaurant was half empty. A female staff were sweeping the floor when we walked in. We were RUSHED to a table and menus were pretty much dumped on the table by the male waiting staff.  This staff showed NO respect towards his customers and I don't even think he knows how to serve properly. He had NO idea what it meant by having standard manners. He might have very different values in his own culture, but certainly not the one I know of in NZ. Providing good service to his customer is clearly not a priority to this staff. In fact by the look on his face, he showed no interests working at the restaurant at all. As a result of that, I don't think I will be in a hurry returning to this restaurant.
The nicest meal I have had in a very very long time!  Thank you for the delicious lamb, the wonderful dessert and the excellent service.  I cannot fault this restaurant.  I have visited for coffee and lunch in the past but last night was the first time for dinner.  I was not disappointed and will definitely be back.
Nice brunch with my friend after a walk along missionbay. Good services and atmosphere. I ordered the market fish dish and it was soooo good. My friend had the lamb and she liked it as well. Hope to come along again some time!
You can't really go wrong when visiting any Cafes by the hip-group. Especially St heliers cafe & bistro. Always quick & friendly service, have been multiple times and will definitely be back soon.
My second time here, always enjoy their lovely service - genuine host, friendly staff, very welcoming atmosphere. Great food, definitely recommend their Pizza, perhaps the best I've had in town (thin base with rich flavorous toppings). What's amazing about this place, I think, is you are given a fine dining experience with a homy warm touch.
Contemporary cafe i love sitting by window seat while looking at sea. I really enjoyed egga benedict on salmon  service was good and they produce quality dishes. Just around the corner, theres my fav handmade ice cream place which i cannot walking pass.
Stunning views, food and service. I cannot wait to come back!! We didn't have to wait for a table, we were seated right by the window gazing out over the beach and the food was prompt to the table. I ordered the agria galette with bacon and it was scrumptious! The agria galette was soft and flavoursome, the egg was perfectly cooked and so was the bacon. The salted caramel gelato shake was a perfect addition to the meal. Light and creamy and perfectly sweet.
One of the nicest Cafe /Bistro in Auckland loved the atmosphere. Super busy..at dinner but lovely service and amazing food. Highly recommend to all.
Very nice environment to start with, a little bit hidden but it's really nice to be in. Food was amazing, I ordered the lamb and it was so yum. The meat was so tender and risotto was yum. I would love a bit better seasoning but over all awesome experience. My mates ordered burger, pizza, fish and chips and pork. But the lamb was the best dish to stand out. Highly recommended.
The other factor dragging this place down, in a BIG way, is the coffee. If they are trying to position themselves as the quality foody/coffee location in the area, there is no excuse for the coffee (the flat whites at least, and also the long blacks/espressos I've had were very poor too) which taste like something I'd feed a toddler (in other words a warm cup of steamed milk). The blend they use (Allpress) doesn't taste that great, then they use a single shot (at least they charge me extra if I ask for a double!), and make it way too frothy and milky.  Maybe, when I was 3 and liked flavorless milk drinks, I would of liked their coffee; as it stands their coffee is worse than the typical coffee you can get from a service station, or a pod machine at home.
No cafe is ever going to satisfy everyone, but I'd say this cafe is pretty perfect. Judging from how busy the place is, St Heliers Bar and bistro maintains a consistently top notch cafe experience and they are generous with their staff numbers who are well trained- they make sure the customers are enjoying their meal without being overbearing. 
Shocked. Amazing looking place, nice atmosphere but was charged $9 for the most horrible iced mocha ever. :-( Was almost room temperature and had nothing worth $9 about it. Couldn't believe I paid so much.
Beautiful view and gorgeous staff. Although it's a busy cafe, you still feel you are well looked after. Had brunch, market fish was fresh and crispy on the outside, hubby had wagyu burger, the bun was soft,beef patty was tender and the whole burger was easy to bite into(most cafe brioche buns look shiny and lovely but let's be honest it's nearly impossible to consume the burger as a whole). House soda was reasonably priced but way too sweet for me, we end up mixing complementary sparkling water with the soda and squeezing the whole wedge of lemon in the drink, which turned out much better tastewise. Also we ordered cabinet dessert, how nice you don't have to wait in a crowd to get a treat from Milse!
Nice dishes n good customer service by a French waiter. Love the chocolate tart for dessert :) Definitely gonna come back to try the lunch next time
Came here a couple of weeks ago for a date night. Seated almost immediately and by the window overlooking the bay which was a surprise because they were so busy! Service was amazing throughout the night and water etc was always topped up. I ordered the parpadelle which was absolutely amazing! A well balanced dish with a perfect flavour combination and perfect pasta that wasn't too heavy or thick. My boyfriend ordered the lamb which he also said was amazing. Highly reccomend the salted caramel gelato if your looking for a sweet treat to end the night! Overall A for service and A for food, would definately go back for round two!
I went to St Heilers Bay Cafe & Bistro for the second time in December and was once again very happy with my dining experience. Cafe's in Auckland can be very hit and miss; in terms of service and food presentation. Personally, when dining out for breakfast/brunch I am looking for that extra finesse that cannot be so easily recreated at home and St Helier Bay Cafe definitely delivers this. There are the standard breakfast menu options on the menu, but cooked and presented in a modern way. I ordered the Agria galette, poached eggs, hollandaise which was delicious with a side of hand cut chips and aioli. A glass of Bollinger went down nicely as well! The service at St Heliers Bay Cafe is really good, the cafe always seems to be quite busy but the waitstaff are attentive and the food arrived quickly. The cafe interior is modern and open with a nice view of the beach. This is now my go-to place for a cafe breakfast/lunch.
The cabinet food and gelato also looked amazing, I'll definately be back!
Their duck fat potatoes were very yum but pizzas were quite different to what we imagined! Very healthy Right by the beach area so a very lovely location Perfect for a weekend drove through mission bay and a food stop here
When arriving we were greeted nicely - the place was packed but the guy told us it would be 10 min wait. We were seated on the waiting table they gave us menus and water while we were waiting. Like I said it was super busy and yet they gave us the best service from the beginning most places would just forget about you but the staff here are super friendly and well trained.  Food was soooo good I got the Waygu burger (3/5 of us did) and we all like it and really enjoyed our food.  Would recommended this place to my friends and family
This is my first visit with my partner. Very nice ambience. Staff are very professional and deliver outstanding service - couldn't even tell that they work there because it seems like they are enjoying themselves which is nice to see.
Food was EXCELLENT - Definitely recommend the slow roast lamb, it was so tender and flavoursome. On the other hand, the duck fat potatoes was so delicious and roasted to perfection! We'll definitely be coming back for dinner sometime and look forward to try the panna cotta
One of my favourite restaurants! Never ever fails to satisfy the cravings I have. Beautiful food and excellent service 
Know this restaurant from Zomato.Found out is the same as Takapuna Beach Cafe. Cheaper price with more variety of choice. But if you like fish and chips you can go to Takapuna Beach Cafe. Bigger portion.
Service was attentive and food was amazing. The pizzetta with mozzarella, mushroom, watercress was just doughy goodness. Pillowy soft flat bread with stringy mozzarella and mushrooms that is packed with flavour.
I love going to St Heliers cafe as its location is stunning! One of our favourite spots for a girls' brunch. The food is great and the service is great. The only downside is that everytime we go we feel a bit pressured to leave (due to being super busy all the time).
Overall, a chic cafe to enjoy a summers meal in. Would recommend a visit, but perhaps not worth an extremely long wait during peak dining times.. Although if you were willing, no where better to wait than the beach!
Came for dinner last night - menu is very fancy, presentation is amazing and staff are friendly and helpful. Atmosphere was relaxed and the view was great. I want to go back and try the whole menu!
Love this place for weekend lunches! The oysters are some of the best and most fresh that I've tasted in a restaurant! They had a good selection of wine to match and an awesome atmosphere with attentive staff and right across from the beach so you have amazing views to match!
Attended this cafe around 2 pm for a late lunch with my family, it was around a ten minute wait for a table, which was not too long but after getting put at the wrong table and then being moved to a table equally as small (one small table for four people) which also had a wobble which cause us to take matters into our own hands and fold up a slip of paper and use that to stop our food from wobbling off the table! But I ordered the fish and chips, which was good, the fish wasn't incredibly fresh but the chips were delicious, I also ordered the vanilla and malt smoothie which was also delicious but quite small in size, finally for dessert I ordered the rhubarb sundae which was absolutely delightful and the vanilla ice-cream on top added to the scrumptious taste.
The food here is good - fresh, original and well-cooked.  If you're looking for a cafe with a different and interesting menu, this is the place to go.  With great big windows letting in plenty of natural light and wonderful views of the beach, this place is really great on a sunny day.  We enjoyed our meals and I like they have a good range of non-alcoholic drinks as well.
Love where this restaurant is located. It's so nice in summer with the big windows open and the view of the sea and nice breeze . If you feel like a relaxing evening, delicioys dinner and yummy cocktails then it's a must
The place was full, but I didn't have to wait for long to sit. All the staffs are friendly and have good manner. The food is normal, taste good. And also the good view from restaurant is the supporting factor.
The pizetta... Omg... I could be happy with two as my dinner haha! The food, service and ambiance are all great here! We came here on a Saturday night and it was busy! We ended up sitting closer to the kitchen on a shared table where we were happy to stay - they made sure to ask if we wanted a seat when it became free :) 
As soon as we walked in a table freed up for us to relax at and we were quickly handed a glass of water and menus. My friend and I had just walked up to St Heliers Point lookout so we were in need of something refreshing and the smoothies looked enticing! We both ended up ordering the rhubarb and vanilla smoothie - such a good choice, it was amazing! Our waiter was very good with selling the food on the menu and talked us into getting the hand cut fries as well! Another good choice though as they came with roasted garlic aioli on the side - the best I have ever tried. It was literally to die for!  We both said that we would definitely be coming back to this place, with all our friends, for a bigger meal! It was a good way to end the afternoon.
Immaculate establishment that sets the standard in fine dining, the view from this place is amazing! The eggs benedict and salmon I had here were magnificent! the staff were friendly and very much attentive! wonderful spot for breakfast, lunch or dinner! #g1
Love this place in the first step of entering. The whole interior is soooo lovely. The view to the bay is pretty and relaxing. Staffs are very welcome and friendly too. 
I fancy my ice mocha!! When its landed at the table i felt like in chemistry class :)). Although i might not make the right mixture but i love the taste and the sweetness i can control. I had the omellet with smoked fish (seems like i hav this everywhere i go..). I cant finish as there is sooo much eggs. But the seasonings are nice. Smoked fish is lovely. The only down point is my bread is really hard! My boyfriend had poached eggs with mushroom. I tried a bit, love the mushroom!! The eggs are perfectly poached, runny york when cut open Love the experience here. Will come back
It's a really busy and nice cafe. Love the food and environment here Staff are really friendly. I've got Egg Benedict with smoke salmon. It tasted so goooood. I think it's one of the best Egg Benedict I've had. Two other friends ordered the maker fish, bacon & sausage and they were all really happy with their choice. 
Met my friend here this morning. Luckily already had a table by the window. Seating a little too cramped for my liking but you got used to it. My friend had the porridge with the rhubarb and chose the hotcakes with apple and toffee sauce. Not sure the sauce was a sauce. More like a sugar syrup. Also the apples tasted like they were out of a tin, but tasty nonetheless. I found the breakfast pretty average but couldn't fault the service. Considering it was father's day it was pretty busy but service was excellent. Sparkling water constantly served.
Went there this morning for brunch with my best friend from welly. I had the granola with the poached pear and a flat white. It was a nice light and delicious start to the day. The ambience in the restaurant is always very vibrant.
One of Auckland's lovely new delights. The interior design is great and the service is outstanding. Attentive, friendly patient staff real enhance the wonderful experience. The good comes quickly, and sparkling water is constantly topped up. The granola is amazing 8/10 and I would definitely recommend it. 
Came here recently for brunch and was overly impressed but thought I'd give dinner a go... Much better! Monday night, restaurant was about half full and we had an awesome seat by the window looking over St Heliers. Had a lovely glass of red (good wine list) and the lasagnette for main. Was a vegetarian dish recommended by our awesome waitress and it didn't disappoint. Gorgeous fresh pasta with kale - so fresh, just lovely. Trusted the waitresses recommendation for dessert too and ordered the chocolate tart with poached pear. Not something I'd normally order but one of the best desserts I've had in a long time. My friend had a hot chocolate that you can see in the pics which looked pretty special too! Can't stress how fantastic and friendly the service was!
Love this cafe! Service has been brilliant every time I've been and the meals are always excellent. Love the atmosphere and friendly staff. The images are from two separate occasions.  The first time I went, I ordered the eggs benedict which was so tasty and filling. The next time I went I ordered the mushrooms and eggs and it was an equally tasty and filling dish. Highly recommend both meals. Would love to come back again to try more of the sweet dishes on the menu!
This seems to be an 'in' place at the moment and came with good recommendations. I had the hot cakes with apple and salted toffee sauce - the latter of which I barely tasted, let alone saw. The Mascarpone on top did make up for this though, but the meal didn't quite stack up to the race reviews.
Yummy! Good atmosphere and good food! My partner ordered the smoked fish and i got the smashed eggs. The combination in our food sounded a bit odd but after we have our food, we had no complaints. It suprisingly worked well. We also ordered a small pizza to share. By the end of it. We were satisfied and full!
Great Sunday brunch to start the day. We were a group of 4 adults and a 7-month old and though it was very crowded the morning we went - they managed to accommodate for space with a carriage and seated us within a 20-minute window!The restaurant itself is a pretty sight overlooking the beach! Great assortment of take out items as well! Will come back to try on a less busy morning! 
The menu is really fresh and bright - brimming with great seasonal combinations - brussel sprouts (I know - not everyone can do a brussel sprout) broccolini, tossed in butter and almonds with 'smashed' eggs on top - It was really a wonderful 'winter' version of a salad.
I've visited a few times for a quick ice-cream stop while at the beach; the flavours are true to the names and so delicious, while the texture is always very creamy and smooth. I love the location of the cafe, and it's so nice to sit by the open windows on a warm summers day. As with the other HIP group restaurants, their service is always very professional & friendly, but they do have the option to add a tip at the till, so sometimes it can be a little bit intense..!
Oh how I love this place ! The food is beautiful and seasonal the view is great it never fails to disappoint. I've brunched here more than once on a Sunday morning with my girlfriends and everything always sounds amazing, looks amazing and more importantly taste amazing. The coffee is always great too! Would highly recommend for a Sunday brunch catch up with the girls
Mmmm the hip group know how to do cafes right! It's on the expensive side, however your paying for quality food and service! I never leave disappointed. There is an art to great scrambled eggs, and St Heliers Bay Bistro have it mastered! Highly recommend. Great for Sunday brunch, however I must warn that it's popular, so it may take a while to be seated.
Good food, great,stylish fitout and yummy food.the sparking water is a nice touch! Great menu selection! Like many of its sister restaurants (Rosie and Takapuna Beach Cafe) it's a stylish venue! Only quam is the number of people that are crammed into and inside space in winter. Great tho and a purge cut breakfast or lunch choice -best of the bays!
Always delivers good food and a great environment. Definitely recommended, get their apple and rhubarb crumble and their affogato, it was delicious.
The best thing about this place is the staff. So professional yet so friendly at the same time. Such a great location. Oh and then theres the food! Such a great selection and great flavours! Loved the lamb Pizzette. And then theres the cake deli... the jam doughnut WOW love love love. you must try this place
This was my second visit to St. Heliers Cafe & Bistro - after a fairly average first experience, I decided to give this place another chance. Sadly it was an overall disappointment, particularly in comparison to their sister store, Ortolana, which I had a delightful visit to last week. 
I come here nearly 5 days a week.. The service is second to none... They are really friendly... The food is just amazing... They really care about you and how you feel... I have been to every single cafe in St heilers and mission Bay.... Look no further... You have found your utopia... The only problem is that when you try another place to eat at... You always comparing it to this place...
Went on a Saturday afternoon for coffee with friends. Coffee was really good! Service was good and was to nice to have sparkling water, staff also really onto it with re filling - would definitely come back!
Amazing gelato (when it's cold, horrible when melted and should not be served). Great range of award winning flavours. Average coffee and weird hot chips. Great place to go for dessert though, my friends and I love getting the knickerbocker ice cream sundaes. Great how they service sparkling water. Service can sometimes be a bit overwhelming and come across a bit fake, but still nicer than snobby waiters!
Great place I go there every day for coffee and pastries the staff is very friendly.I recommend this place to anyone. 
Perfect Saturday brunch, even on a rainy day. Not the best for kids but faultless food and coffee. Would definitely come back. Even had Almond Milk for my dairy-free toddler!
Great place great food amazing service. I love st heliers cafe and bistro!
The food is always delicious and fresh. You can honestly taste the quality ingredients they use. There is always a perfect balance between the flavours of the meat, veggies and sauce. It's never over powering !
Been here several time for coffee and a few times for lunch and dinner. Food places in St Heliers has really improved over the last few years. This place is probably the best in the area. Service is always top notch. Highly recommended.
Fantastic food, well priced. The presentation and care in presentation is certainly noticed. Service staff very attentive and patient and would highly recommend. . Just love everything about this place! 
Have been in for both lunch and dinner and have never been disappointed
This is our local- great coffee ( as per the store in Kohi) amazing selection of food, love having a sneaky vino with lunch when coming here plus there take away selection is good to get a sneaky brioche in the side 
We did a low key Valentine's Day and got lunch at St Heliers Bay Cafe, we didn't have to wait too long (yay!). Our waiter was really helpful with the menu, he recommended the chicken cotoletta which was delicious. My bf had the haloumi salad. It is a bit more expensive than your average cafe but it's definitely worth it.
this place is amazing. the interior is warm, inviting and the ambience is perfect. the iced mocha was great as well. i loved how it was customisable — you could add as much coffee or milk as you wanted. the hot cakes were fluffy and the flavours mixed well together. aaaaargh!!! definitely coming back here again. 
Very disappointing.... The smashed eggs were a big let down.. Two tiny eggs on a bed of lettuce with some beans and zucchini. It was plain and boring..It was drowning in dressing but lacked any flavour.. The portion size did not justify the price.. 
This place has the sophisticated, modern vibe down to a tee. Although it's a bit out of the way for me, the beach view and excellent service is worth coming back for! 
Mmmm. Gorgeous view, better menu. Yay for the fish and chips - chunky wedge style potatoes, fresh sea food. Reasonably priced. I liked the presentation too. Batter on the fish was not too oily, sufficiently crisp - well salted but not overwhelmingly so :) I can't wait to try more.
Generous portions and fantastic coffee, the view is lovely too. Great breakfast spot, eggs benedict and pancakes in the morning is the way to go, shame about the delicate wobbly tables.
I ordered the 7 seed granola and house hot chocolate and my sister ordered the hot cakes and iced mocha. I was pleasantly surprised to find out they had a big range of different milk, so I chose to have almond milk! My granola was awesome! It was crunchy and the rhubarb and yoghurt that came with it was delicious. The hot cakes were also delicious. The pear and mascarpone that came with was so good. They were also perfect sizes! The drinks were also really nice. I love having deconstructed drinks so points for that! The food, service and atmosphere were all great, I can't wait to go back.
Great location looking out over the water at St Heliers, nicely laid out with seating and an internal courtyard where you can wait and order cabinet food to takeaway. Even though the cafe was chock full we didn't have to wait long for our buzzer to go off. Table size was a bit small, but then it's probably necessary considering how popular it is here, and did I mention how amazing the cabinet food / desserts and gelato looked! I had the smoked fish omelette which I couldn't fault (although I don't think it's necessary to serve omelette with toasted bread), and the service was super friendly, so can definitely recommend this cafe!
I've had breakfast an lunch here numerous times because it's a great place to eat! The menu has lots of very good food, you really can't go wrong with any choice and the coffee is good. It deserves its reputation as one of Auckland's best.
What bumps this cafe up that little more for me is the location and design. It's a delightful view of the waterfront, especially if the weather is being kind and the modern, comfortable interior gives it that feel of sophistication while dining. Food is simply yum, with prices and portion sizes fair - bacon was in the right amount unlike other places that often skimp out, I also like the different combinations offered on the pizzettas. Service good, with a lovely atmosphere, what's not to like.
Food outstanding - Coffee poor. We stopped in for Sunday brunch. The wait wasn't long for a table. We ordered the smoked fish omelette a clear 5/5. I enjoyed every mouthful. My wife had the hot cakes. She loved them. Coffees were a bit of a let down. Her small flat white coffee was incredible weak. 1/5. We let the wait staff know and they proceeded to explain with excuses. "It's weaker because it's one shot. Would you like two shots?"  Actually it was very milky and clearly the barista was out of their depth. It tasted like a 1/4shot. My large coffee was better but not great. 2.5/5. My wife explained to the waiter that the problem was not a single shot. She's a top barista. She said it's just weak. No offer of a replacement coffee. My wife didn't finish her coffee. When we paid we let the person taking the payment know. They asked what was wrong with the coffee and again we explained and again no offer to drop the price, or no apology just an acknowledgment of our comments.  So why the 4.0. Well the smoked fish omelette was an easy 5. My wife rated the hotcakes highly. The coffee and response to customer complaints is weak. We've had coffee here previously and it was fine. If we get another dud coffee we'll probably bail on the place for a while. Oh and definitely send it straight back.
The decor is beautiful. Its very modern but warming at the same time. All though there a lot of tables and all quite close to one another it's not too over bearing. This place is done right. The food was delicious and those fries, so yum! The one little let down was that my fish was slightly over cooked, but I was too hungry at the time to send it back, however they were happy to take constructive criticism when I mentioned it after the meal. You get an awesome view of the water whilst you eat and are served by lovely people. If you are in a rush they also have a takeout menu on side. Def recommend and come for a visit! Good food, value and service! 
The most variable restaurant I've ever visited. From the time it first opened my wife and I have been regulars, averaging around 2 visits a month. Even so, no one ever recognises us and welcomes us back, even after spending over $700 on a lunch there once, then dining there the very next day.
However I can say that the food is fairly consistent and the house wines always good. Service can vary but mostly it's very good.
I agree with other people that there seems to be ongoing issues here in relation to the balance between style and substance. Well-presented wait staff are never likely to be the deciding factor in the overall experience. I went for lunch this week with a friend and was more than happy to pay decent money for a good quality experience. Sadly, the meals were disappointing. I gave half my lamb - slow cooked and tasty but insufficient moistness in the pumpkin purée and chickpeas made it too dry a combination to really enjoy) - to my friend who had chosen the beetroot and feta salad. This tasted good at first, but at $22, it was largely just beet root, with a few meagre crumbs of feta. Underwhelming, to say the least. The service was attentive, but still a few unnecessary slip ups. Stylish for sure, but only average food wise.
Its always good to hear from locals when reviewing restaurants and locals we are. We love this place and frequent it from dawn (after morning run or swim) to dusk (catching up with friends, family, work colleagues). We love the staff, the coffee the sparkling water, bar selection and menu. Its great bistro food, always fresh and well presented without being fussy. Favourites include the lamb, pine nut and tomato pizzetta as a starter and the lamb shoulder with labneh sultanas and lentils as a main. Finishing dinner with affogato is never a bad move. If there is a wait for dinner, enjoy a craft beer or prosecco at the in-house bar and enjoy the magnificent view and ambience, or as an alternative, take your lobster buzzer and wait at another bar or on the beach until you are buzzed for your table. This place outshines anything else the bay has to offer.
Great food and friendly attentive service.. Love your entrees, the breads were very tasty and a real surprise. First time visit to this lovely little Cafe and it certainly won't be the last. The lamb shoulder was excellent, the best I've experienced in a long time.. Cooked to juicy perfection and topped off with a harmonic blend of fresh and subtle flavours.. Another highlight for me was the Hallertau Pale Ale Number 2 beer.. wow.. that is awesome.. I'm planning to visit the brewery in the near future.. Thanks guys, great job, impressed.
We have enjoyed the Bistro since it opened as well as Cafe Kohi and the cafe in Takapuna, staff and food 1st class. However, last night we went down for supper and were greeted by a very pleasant young man who told us there was a wait. He thought about 30 minutes so we decided to stay, he was true to his word and it was just under the time he had said when we sat down. We ordered and received our starter very promptly but then had to wait an hour and still no sign of our mains. We told our waitress who apologised profusely but still no mains course. We then noticed people around us who had not been there long getting their meals and told another member of staff. Eventually a female who appeared to be management and rather unpleasant brought our meals and made a sarcastic comment of "have you been waiting"!!!!! There was no attempt of an apology from her and her attitude suggested she couldn't care less.
On leaving my husband told the young gentleman who was extremely apologetic and said he would report the incident. Will we be back, not sure, as the menu is very limited and seldom changed plus the attitude of one member of staff is appalling, for one who seems to be in a managerial position.
We were super full but I had to try their dessert. Tiramisu ($9.5) is one of my favorite so I was really looking forward to this but... It was touch too creamy for me. I enjoy a light and puffy ones but the creamcheese here was very solid. There were only small portion of the sponge cake which made it harder to eat... Damn it, I should've gone for the rhubarb & custard crumble... Not to worry, there is always a next time. I would love to come back and try other dishes.
After having enjoyed excellent meals in the past, we were very disappointed with our selections from the recently revised menu. The romano burger was underwhelming, and the accompanying small portion of chips was almost inedible due to the fact that an excessive amount of salt had been added prior to serving. Hopefully a blip in the otherwise high standard that we have experienced previously.
The food far below par! The smallest menu in town. We will never be back.
Excellent spot for waterside dining, either a lighter fare to a great meal....From the table service with complimentary sparkling water to marvelous fish dishes with lovely veggie presentations, this is a treasure on Mission Bay where the real estate values can overshadow the quality of restaurant dining...Definitely will be a regular there.
Popped in on the weekend for a coffee and brioche to take away. Service at the counter was lovely and friendly. A bit of a wait for coffee, which was fine given how crazy busy the cafe was. Just a shame the coffee I was handed was luke warm and the brioche i asked to be heated was cold. I could have complained and asked for another coffee and for the brioche to be heated, however the place was so busy, and I didn't have time to wait around for another hot coffee to be made. A cafe that can't get the basics right really needs to lift its game given the competition in the area. I may give it another shot if I'm in St Heliers again and won't write this place off just yet, but disappointing visit thus far.
First of all, just to be picky. St Heliers Bay Bistro and Cafe is on the waterfront at ST HELIERS not Mission Bay and is in the new modern glass building on the corner of Tamaki Drive and Maheke St not halfway along that block as the map shows. Once found though, it's a great venue - classy and modern with great views out to Rangitoto and offering something for everyone at anytime of day. We went for brunch and though very busy the service was friendly and efficient and we got our meals quite quickly The Big Healthy is popular and lives up to its name with plenty of veg and healthy grain toast. Eggs Bene was delicious with bacon and the wood fired mushrooms divine.The coffee is good but there's a huge selection of other drinks, teas and shakes and smoothies, a comprehensive wine list and several cocktails on offer. There's a lovely courtyard if you have to wait for a table and also a servery for muffins and pastries and cakes and ice creams to take away The two preschoolers with us were welcomed and enjoyed their scrambled egg and lashings of bacon!  I'd like to go back soon and sample the lunch menu.and after that maybe dinner! The menus looked great
Went to St Heliers Cafe and Bistro for dinner tonight. Fantastic food and wine and a very good waiter. The fish of the day was Blue Nose which was cooked to perfection and we also had the lamb which was easy to pull apart and cooked and presented beautifully. The desert menu is highly recommended. A great night out and very reasonably priced. Highly recommended.
The food is tasty, and most of the offerings are quite traditional. I do like their presentation; it’s inviting, rustic and colourful. The menu, or the flavours didn’t excite me, but this isn’t really a place to be wowed. This is a place to stop by for an easy meal in beautiful, relaxed surroundings and be taken care of. 
My wife, son and I went there today for lunch. We got there early so no wait but it quickly filled up. The food was very tasty - My wife and I had the market fish which was pan fried Hapuka with the skin on, served on Pearl Barley. The fish was delicious and had a very nice green pea reduction with incorporated flavours of mint and lemon, that was drizzled around the outside of the plate. It seemed to complement the fish very well. My son had the Fish and Chips which he enjoyed. We also ordered a side of the Agria fries which were very good. Once it got busy though the service did slow down a fair bit. We all had a Pear and Hazelnut pie with Mascapone for dessert. Overall we were very happy with the food but would recommend you get here early. We intend to return to try some of the other offerings on the menu.
Lovely cafe by the beach. Service was excellent and the juices were lovely. The handkerchief pasta with zucchini, asparagus, feta and pine nuts was a standout and a beautiful light dish for summer. A definite local favourite on this visit to auckland.
Me and my family decided to check this place after reading the review in metro. We drove down from shore, but the host was very rude. She seemed to be not wanting us their. We left without eating.....I won't recommend St Heliers Cafe to anyone.
Friendly staff, excellent service . Food was average, lacked seasoning ( we nearly used the whole dish of salt ) .
Changed our mind about this place. Duty manager/maitre d not professional with dealing, kept telling us it is ok to eat pink chicken and that's the way it is cooked and the meat itself is naturally pink even after cooking. Sadly the other dish - hamburger is lacking in seasoning and tasted bland. We were blamed for making one of the wait staff upset with our initial complain hence I deemed this very unprofessional and uncalled for. Again, eateries should always bare in mind that some of your customers are in the hospitality industry themselves and would have firsthand knowledge on appropriate and professional complains dealing.
Wow! What a cafe. Great staff topped off with excellent good and not bad coffee. Well done.
Terrible service!!! We were at the Bistro on Sunday afternoon with a group of 8 and were given the full menu while waiting for our table. We all agreed the menu looked good so decided to eat there.  When we were seated we were given a smaller snack menu and were informed that is all they have at that time. We questioned the waitress about this menu and the limited availability of items on it. She was unbelievably rude to us and spoke to us like we were idiots. We couldn't believe how blatantly rude she was when we only asking reasonable questions about what was available and at what time! We were shocked and embarrassed and ruined the experience. I am really disappointed as I used to like this place.
My self and 3 friends went there for brunch. Great place - very busy but the staff were so onto it. The food was fab and the portions generous. The waiter was very attentive and entertaining. We will be back !
I am a local and have been a fan of St Heliers Bistro from the beginning. ...However - my last visit in early June was disappointing.
I know this place is busy, but having to wait outside in the cold and rain mid June is pushing it a little. It would be nice to to be able to book a table if you have 4 or more so that you are not 'literally' left standing out in the cold with friends and family. 
St Heliers Cafe &amp; Bistro has become a new regular of mine. From the excellent food, to stunning views and great staff, if you are in St Heliers for a meal, look no further. For brunch I would highly recommend their Fried agria &amp; caramelised onion hash with rocket &amp; a poached egg. Simply delish!
We were looking forward to visiting but maybe we both picked the wrong meals and had too higher expectations. The pulled pork burger was okay, a bit dry and tasteless. The chips were great but was expecting the tomato sauce to be made in house. It seemed to taste like Heinz. We also didn't like the fact you were just given fizzy water...  Great view and very proactive service but it almost seemed fake. Not sure if we will be back...
Great location. Great views. Great staff. Been there a few times now. The staff are always fabulous - well informed, friendly and helpful.
The location is really good an up until now we were regular guests. The food seems to be getting more average and no longer up to standard. We had a "slow" cooked lamb which was still uncooked and fatty and a very cheap cut. Wine is being served not as cold as it should be and it looks like we are getting the same excuses as other guest,e.g "the wine has just arrived an is not chilled yet". One other point is that whenever we visit we get either rushed to order or rushed to finish to make room for the next wave of visitors. The tables are too small to eat comfortably. Not really acceptable. Will not go back in a hurry.
My friend recommended this place and my sister and I wanted to wanted to take our mother out for a special belated mothers day lunch. We were not disappointed at all, the service was excellent and my sister commented "slick, they just have it so sorted" while it was busy we didn't feel rushed, or stressed. I was a bit concernd bringing in my 4 year old boy but they made him feel just as welcome as us, offered a childrens menu immediately and asked if he wanted smaller cutlery. The waiter even took him to the freezer to see what flavour gelato he wanted. Our meals were all wonderful, eggs benedict, pulled pork burger, salmon salad (lovely to see lots of salmon) and a fish and chips meal for my son. We will definitely return, and I will look forward to working my way though the menu.
Had lunch , table for 2. Good feel in the restaurant, busy, but not overwhelming. A bit of staff overkill, but better that than the contrary. Waiter was good, with a sense of humor!  Ordered the tomato salad, and livers with bacon. Livers were cooked to perfection! Definitely recommend this place. Chef Marc has done a great job with this place.
Awesome food! Great service! Great coffee! Always greeted nicely with an offer to sit down, a glass of sparkling water, and the paper! The owners of this establishment have just plainly got everything right!!
We have been regular diners at this lovely restaurant since it opened. We couldn't fault it on the first night and haven't on subsequent visits (generally one night a week). The menu is simple and the food beautifully executed, in fact we haven't ordered one thing we haven't enjoyed. Also congratulations to the owners as they have kept their prices where they are affordable to everyone old and young. Great friendly staff, superb views, what more can I say!
We visited this cafe on the spur of the moment, for a drink, hearth bread and chips. It was so enjoyable we returned with others the following weekend. Our visit was a roller coaster of good and bad. Waiting staff were nice, service good, BUT the Roasted Beet salad used tinned beetroot which was totally unacceptable, our bottle of pinot gris arrived warm (after complaining, we were told the wine order only arrived an hour earlier so wasn't chilled; funnily enough, two days later a friend got told exactly the same thing when her wine was warm! Not good), other meals were average, but the final straw was, the second we finished our coffees were asked to vacate the table as a group had been waiting for a table for 30 minutes. Totally unacceptable and something that ruined what had been a pleasant but disappointing lunch. We are reluctant to return
We had lunch here a few weeks ago and it was outstanding. All of the staff there were attentive, friendly and the service was fast! We took our 5 week old baby (first lunch out!), so we didn't want to have to wait too long. Even though the restaurant was heaving, our meals came very quickly. There were other kids and babies there, a mixed clientele of all types and the atmosphere was welcoming, buzzing and friendly, as well as professional. The menu and food is divine, we were very impressed. All in all, the food, service, decor and location are all fantastic. We're really excited to have a really quality cafe &amp; restaurant in the area, with top notch food &amp; service to match!