This place is crowded everytime I go, for a good reason. The food is excellent! Only issue with the place is the noise making it hard to have a decent conversation.
The service here was so excellent but the food was kind of bland and disappointing. I was excited scanning through the menu as everything sounded really promising but the two dishes and the smoothie we got was really flavourless.
What an amazing place! Outstanding service and incredibly friendly and polite staff. Not to forget about the food as it was unforgettable. Such a special place. Highly recommend!!!
Stunning views, food and service. I cannot wait to come back!! We didn't have to wait for a table, we were seated right by the window gazing out over the beach and the food was prompt to the table. I ordered the agria galette with bacon and it was scrumptious! The agria galette was soft and flavoursome, the egg was perfectly cooked and so was the bacon. The salted caramel gelato shake was a perfect addition to the meal. Light and creamy and perfectly sweet.
Very nice environment to start with, a little bit hidden but it's really nice to be in. Food was amazing, I ordered the lamb and it was so yum. The meat was so tender and risotto was yum. I would love a bit better seasoning but over all awesome experience. My mates ordered burger, pizza, fish and chips and pork. But the lamb was the best dish to stand out. Highly recommended.
The cabinet food and gelato also looked amazing, I'll definately be back!
Their duck fat potatoes were very yum but pizzas were quite different to what we imagined! Very healthy Right by the beach area so a very lovely location Perfect for a weekend drove through mission bay and a food stop here
Food was EXCELLENT - Definitely recommend the slow roast lamb, it was so tender and flavoursome. On the other hand, the duck fat potatoes was so delicious and roasted to perfection! We'll definitely be coming back for dinner sometime and look forward to try the panna cotta
One of my favourite restaurants! Never ever fails to satisfy the cravings I have. Beautiful food and excellent service
Service was attentive and food was amazing. The pizzetta with mozzarella, mushroom, watercress was just doughy goodness. Pillowy soft flat bread with stringy mozzarella and mushrooms that is packed with flavour.
I love going to St Heliers cafe as its location is stunning! One of our favourite spots for a girls' brunch. The food is great and the service is great. The only downside is that everytime we go we feel a bit pressured to leave (due to being super busy all the time).
It's a really busy and nice cafe. Love the food and environment here Staff are really friendly. I've got Egg Benedict with smoke salmon. It tasted so goooood. I think it's one of the best Egg Benedict I've had. Two other friends ordered the maker fish, bacon & sausage and they were all really happy with their choice.
Yummy! Good atmosphere and good food! My partner ordered the smoked fish and i got the smashed eggs. The combination in our food sounded a bit odd but after we have our food, we had no complaints. It suprisingly worked well. We also ordered a small pizza to share. By the end of it. We were satisfied and full!
Oh how I love this place ! The food is beautiful and seasonal the view is great it never fails to disappoint. I've brunched here more than once on a Sunday morning with my girlfriends and everything always sounds amazing, looks amazing and more importantly taste amazing. The coffee is always great too! Would highly recommend for a Sunday brunch catch up with the girls
Mmmm the hip group know how to do cafes right! It's on the expensive side, however your paying for quality food and service! I never leave disappointed. There is an art to great scrambled eggs, and St Heliers Bay Bistro have it mastered! Highly recommend. Great for Sunday brunch, however I must warn that it's popular, so it may take a while to be seated.
Always delivers good food and a great environment. Definitely recommended, get their apple and rhubarb crumble and their affogato, it was delicious.
I come here nearly 5 days a week.. The service is second to none... They are really friendly... The food is just amazing... They really care about you and how you feel... I have been to every single cafe in St heilers and mission Bay.... Look no further... You have found your utopia... The only problem is that when you try another place to eat at... You always comparing it to this place...
Perfect Saturday brunch, even on a rainy day. Not the best for kids but faultless food and coffee. Would definitely come back. Even had Almond Milk for my dairy-free toddler!
Great place great food amazing service. I love st heliers cafe and bistro!
The food is always delicious and fresh. You can honestly taste the quality ingredients they use. There is always a perfect balance between the flavours of the meat, veggies and sauce. It's never over powering !
Been here several time for coffee and a few times for lunch and dinner. Food places in St Heliers has really improved over the last few years. This place is probably the best in the area. Service is always top notch. Highly recommended.
However I can say that the food is fairly consistent and the house wines always good. Service can vary but mostly it's very good.
The food far below par! The smallest menu in town. We will never be back.
Went to St Heliers Cafe and Bistro for dinner tonight. Fantastic food and wine and a very good waiter. The fish of the day was Blue Nose which was cooked to perfection and we also had the lamb which was easy to pull apart and cooked and presented beautifully. The desert menu is highly recommended. A great night out and very reasonably priced. Highly recommended.
My wife, son and I went there today for lunch. We got there early so no wait but it quickly filled up. The food was very tasty - My wife and I had the market fish which was pan fried Hapuka with the skin on, served on Pearl Barley. The fish was delicious and had a very nice green pea reduction with incorporated flavours of mint and lemon, that was drizzled around the outside of the plate. It seemed to complement the fish very well. My son had the Fish and Chips which he enjoyed. We also ordered a side of the Agria fries which were very good. Once it got busy though the service did slow down a fair bit. We all had a Pear and Hazelnut pie with Mascapone for dessert. Overall we were very happy with the food but would recommend you get here early. We intend to return to try some of the other offerings on the menu.
Friendly staff, excellent service . Food was average, lacked seasoning ( we nearly used the whole dish of salt ) .
My self and 3 friends went there for brunch. Great place - very busy but the staff were so onto it. The food was fab and the portions generous. The waiter was very attentive and entertaining. We will be back !
We had lunch here a few weeks ago and it was outstanding. All of the staff there were attentive, friendly and the service was fast! We took our 5 week old baby (first lunch out!), so we didn't want to have to wait too long. Even though the restaurant was heaving, our meals came very quickly. There were other kids and babies there, a mixed clientele of all types and the atmosphere was welcoming, buzzing and friendly, as well as professional. The menu and food is divine, we were very impressed. All in all, the food, service, decor and location are all fantastic. We're really excited to have a really quality cafe &amp; restaurant in the area, with top notch food &amp; service to match!
