The service here was so excellent but the food was kind of bland and disappointing. I was excited scanning through the menu as everything sounded really promising but the two dishes and the smoothie we got was really flavourless.
Came for dinner last night - menu is very fancy, presentation is amazing and staff are friendly and helpful. Atmosphere was relaxed and the view was great. I want to go back and try the whole menu!
The menu is really fresh and bright - brimming with great seasonal combinations - brussel sprouts (I know - not everyone can do a brussel sprout) broccolini, tossed in butter and almonds with 'smashed' eggs on top - It was really a wonderful 'winter' version of a salad.
Good food, great,stylish fitout and yummy food.the sparking water is a nice touch! Great menu selection! Like many of its sister restaurants (Rosie and Takapuna Beach Cafe) it's a stylish venue! Only quam is the number of people that are crammed into and inside space in winter. Great tho and a purge cut breakfast or lunch choice -best of the bays!
I've had breakfast an lunch here numerous times because it's a great place to eat! The menu has lots of very good food, you really can't go wrong with any choice and the coffee is good. It deserves its reputation as one of Auckland's best.
The food far below par! The smallest menu in town. We will never be back.
Went to St Heliers Cafe and Bistro for dinner tonight. Fantastic food and wine and a very good waiter. The fish of the day was Blue Nose which was cooked to perfection and we also had the lamb which was easy to pull apart and cooked and presented beautifully. The desert menu is highly recommended. A great night out and very reasonably priced. Highly recommended.
We had lunch here a few weeks ago and it was outstanding. All of the staff there were attentive, friendly and the service was fast! We took our 5 week old baby (first lunch out!), so we didn't want to have to wait too long. Even though the restaurant was heaving, our meals came very quickly. There were other kids and babies there, a mixed clientele of all types and the atmosphere was welcoming, buzzing and friendly, as well as professional. The menu and food is divine, we were very impressed. All in all, the food, service, decor and location are all fantastic. We're really excited to have a really quality cafe &amp; restaurant in the area, with top notch food &amp; service to match!
