What an amazing place! Outstanding service and incredibly friendly and polite staff. Not to forget about the food as it was unforgettable. Such a special place. Highly recommend!!!
My second time here, always enjoy their lovely service - genuine host, friendly staff, very welcoming atmosphere. Great food, definitely recommend their Pizza, perhaps the best I've had in town (thin base with rich flavorous toppings). What's amazing about this place, I think, is you are given a fine dining experience with a homy warm touch.
Contemporary cafe i love sitting by window seat while looking at sea. I really enjoyed egga benedict on salmon service was good and they produce quality dishes. Just around the corner, theres my fav handmade ice cream place which i cannot walking pass.
One of the nicest Cafe /Bistro in Auckland loved the atmosphere. Super busy..at dinner but lovely service and amazing food. Highly recommend to all.
Nice dishes n good customer service by a French waiter. Love the chocolate tart for dessert :) Definitely gonna come back to try the lunch next time
One of my favourite restaurants! Never ever fails to satisfy the cravings I have. Beautiful food and excellent service
Service was attentive and food was amazing. The pizzetta with mozzarella, mushroom, watercress was just doughy goodness. Pillowy soft flat bread with stringy mozzarella and mushrooms that is packed with flavour.
I love going to St Heliers cafe as its location is stunning! One of our favourite spots for a girls' brunch. The food is great and the service is great. The only downside is that everytime we go we feel a bit pressured to leave (due to being super busy all the time).
The pizetta... Omg... I could be happy with two as my dinner haha! The food, service and ambiance are all great here! We came here on a Saturday night and it was busy! We ended up sitting closer to the kitchen on a shared table where we were happy to stay - they made sure to ask if we wanted a seat when it became free :)
One of Auckland's lovely new delights. The interior design is great and the service is outstanding. Attentive, friendly patient staff real enhance the wonderful experience. The good comes quickly, and sparkling water is constantly topped up. The granola is amazing 8/10 and I would definitely recommend it.
I've visited a few times for a quick ice-cream stop while at the beach; the flavours are true to the names and so delicious, while the texture is always very creamy and smooth. I love the location of the cafe, and it's so nice to sit by the open windows on a warm summers day. As with the other HIP group restaurants, their service is always very professional & friendly, but they do have the option to add a tip at the till, so sometimes it can be a little bit intense..!
I come here nearly 5 days a week.. The service is second to none... They are really friendly... The food is just amazing... They really care about you and how you feel... I have been to every single cafe in St heilers and mission Bay.... Look no further... You have found your utopia... The only problem is that when you try another place to eat at... You always comparing it to this place...
Went on a Saturday afternoon for coffee with friends. Coffee was really good! Service was good and was to nice to have sparkling water, staff also really onto it with re filling - would definitely come back!
Been here several time for coffee and a few times for lunch and dinner. Food places in St Heliers has really improved over the last few years. This place is probably the best in the area. Service is always top notch. Highly recommended.
Fantastic food, well priced. The presentation and care in presentation is certainly noticed. Service staff very attentive and patient and would highly recommend. . Just love everything about this place!
This place has the sophisticated, modern vibe down to a tee. Although it's a bit out of the way for me, the beach view and excellent service is worth coming back for!
I ordered the 7 seed granola and house hot chocolate and my sister ordered the hot cakes and iced mocha. I was pleasantly surprised to find out they had a big range of different milk, so I chose to have almond milk! My granola was awesome! It was crunchy and the rhubarb and yoghurt that came with it was delicious. The hot cakes were also delicious. The pear and mascarpone that came with was so good. They were also perfect sizes! The drinks were also really nice. I love having deconstructed drinks so points for that! The food, service and atmosphere were all great, I can't wait to go back.
However I can say that the food is fairly consistent and the house wines always good. Service can vary but mostly it's very good.
Excellent spot for waterside dining, either a lighter fare to a great meal....From the table service with complimentary sparkling water to marvelous fish dishes with lovely veggie presentations, this is a treasure on Mission Bay where the real estate values can overshadow the quality of restaurant dining...Definitely will be a regular there.
My wife, son and I went there today for lunch. We got there early so no wait but it quickly filled up. The food was very tasty - My wife and I had the market fish which was pan fried Hapuka with the skin on, served on Pearl Barley. The fish was delicious and had a very nice green pea reduction with incorporated flavours of mint and lemon, that was drizzled around the outside of the plate. It seemed to complement the fish very well. My son had the Fish and Chips which he enjoyed. We also ordered a side of the Agria fries which were very good. Once it got busy though the service did slow down a fair bit. We all had a Pear and Hazelnut pie with Mascapone for dessert. Overall we were very happy with the food but would recommend you get here early. We intend to return to try some of the other offerings on the menu.
Lovely cafe by the beach. Service was excellent and the juices were lovely. The handkerchief pasta with zucchini, asparagus, feta and pine nuts was a standout and a beautiful light dish for summer. A definite local favourite on this visit to auckland.
Friendly staff, excellent service . Food was average, lacked seasoning ( we nearly used the whole dish of salt ) .
We had lunch here a few weeks ago and it was outstanding. All of the staff there were attentive, friendly and the service was fast! We took our 5 week old baby (first lunch out!), so we didn't want to have to wait too long. Even though the restaurant was heaving, our meals came very quickly. There were other kids and babies there, a mixed clientele of all types and the atmosphere was welcoming, buzzing and friendly, as well as professional. The menu and food is divine, we were very impressed. All in all, the food, service, decor and location are all fantastic. We're really excited to have a really quality cafe &amp; restaurant in the area, with top notch food &amp; service to match!
