Beautiful view and gorgeous staff. Although it's a busy cafe, you still feel you are well looked after. Had brunch, market fish was fresh and crispy on the outside, hubby had wagyu burger, the bun was soft,beef patty was tender and the whole burger was easy to bite into(most cafe brioche buns look shiny and lovely but let's be honest it's nearly impossible to consume the burger as a whole). House soda was reasonably priced but way too sweet for me, we end up mixing complementary sparkling water with the soda and squeezing the whole wedge of lemon in the drink, which turned out much better tastewise. Also we ordered cabinet dessert, how nice you don't have to wait in a crowd to get a treat from Milse!
When arriving we were greeted nicely - the place was packed but the guy told us it would be 10 min wait. We were seated on the waiting table they gave us menus and water while we were waiting. Like I said it was super busy and yet they gave us the best service from the beginning most places would just forget about you but the staff here are super friendly and well trained. Food was soooo good I got the Waygu burger (3/5 of us did) and we all like it and really enjoyed our food. Would recommended this place to my friends and family
After having enjoyed excellent meals in the past, we were very disappointed with our selections from the recently revised menu. The romano burger was underwhelming, and the accompanying small portion of chips was almost inedible due to the fact that an excessive amount of salt had been added prior to serving. Hopefully a blip in the otherwise high standard that we have experienced previously.
We were looking forward to visiting but maybe we both picked the wrong meals and had too higher expectations. The pulled pork burger was okay, a bit dry and tasteless. The chips were great but was expecting the tomato sauce to be made in house. It seemed to taste like Heinz. We also didn't like the fact you were just given fizzy water... Great view and very proactive service but it almost seemed fake. Not sure if we will be back...
