Being part of cafe and kohi that we didn't realise until we were looking at menu and seen a staff member from kohi we had to try, this group never fails everything they do is AAAA class overall everything is 100% food staff decor etc I'm sure we will be back we always do
Beautiful view and gorgeous staff. Although it's a busy cafe, you still feel you are well looked after. Had brunch, market fish was fresh and crispy on the outside, hubby had wagyu burger, the bun was soft,beef patty was tender and the whole burger was easy to bite into(most cafe brioche buns look shiny and lovely but let's be honest it's nearly impossible to consume the burger as a whole). House soda was reasonably priced but way too sweet for me, we end up mixing complementary sparkling water with the soda and squeezing the whole wedge of lemon in the drink, which turned out much better tastewise. Also we ordered cabinet dessert, how nice you don't have to wait in a crowd to get a treat from Milse!
I went to St Heilers Bay Cafe & Bistro for the second time in December and was once again very happy with my dining experience. Cafe's in Auckland can be very hit and miss; in terms of service and food presentation. Personally, when dining out for breakfast/brunch I am looking for that extra finesse that cannot be so easily recreated at home and St Helier Bay Cafe definitely delivers this. There are the standard breakfast menu options on the menu, but cooked and presented in a modern way. I ordered the Agria galette, poached eggs, hollandaise which was delicious with a side of hand cut chips and aioli. A glass of Bollinger went down nicely as well! The service at St Heliers Bay Cafe is really good, the cafe always seems to be quite busy but the waitstaff are attentive and the food arrived quickly. The cafe interior is modern and open with a nice view of the beach. This is now my go-to place for a cafe breakfast/lunch.
Attended this cafe around 2 pm for a late lunch with my family, it was around a ten minute wait for a table, which was not too long but after getting put at the wrong table and then being moved to a table equally as small (one small table for four people) which also had a wobble which cause us to take matters into our own hands and fold up a slip of paper and use that to stop our food from wobbling off the table! But I ordered the fish and chips, which was good, the fish wasn't incredibly fresh but the chips were delicious, I also ordered the vanilla and malt smoothie which was also delicious but quite small in size, finally for dessert I ordered the rhubarb sundae which was absolutely delightful and the vanilla ice-cream on top added to the scrumptious taste.
The food here is good - fresh, original and well-cooked. If you're looking for a cafe with a different and interesting menu, this is the place to go. With great big windows letting in plenty of natural light and wonderful views of the beach, this place is really great on a sunny day. We enjoyed our meals and I like they have a good range of non-alcoholic drinks as well.
This was my second visit to St. Heliers Cafe & Bistro - after a fairly average first experience, I decided to give this place another chance. Sadly it was an overall disappointment, particularly in comparison to their sister store, Ortolana, which I had a delightful visit to last week.
We did a low key Valentine's Day and got lunch at St Heliers Bay Cafe, we didn't have to wait too long (yay!). Our waiter was really helpful with the menu, he recommended the chicken cotoletta which was delicious. My bf had the haloumi salad. It is a bit more expensive than your average cafe but it's definitely worth it.
Great location looking out over the water at St Heliers, nicely laid out with seating and an internal courtyard where you can wait and order cabinet food to takeaway. Even though the cafe was chock full we didn't have to wait long for our buzzer to go off. Table size was a bit small, but then it's probably necessary considering how popular it is here, and did I mention how amazing the cabinet food / desserts and gelato looked! I had the smoked fish omelette which I couldn't fault (although I don't think it's necessary to serve omelette with toasted bread), and the service was super friendly, so can definitely recommend this cafe!
What bumps this cafe up that little more for me is the location and design. It's a delightful view of the waterfront, especially if the weather is being kind and the modern, comfortable interior gives it that feel of sophistication while dining. Food is simply yum, with prices and portion sizes fair - bacon was in the right amount unlike other places that often skimp out, I also like the different combinations offered on the pizzettas. Service good, with a lovely atmosphere, what's not to like.
Great food and friendly attentive service.. Love your entrees, the breads were very tasty and a real surprise. First time visit to this lovely little Cafe and it certainly won't be the last. The lamb shoulder was excellent, the best I've experienced in a long time.. Cooked to juicy perfection and topped off with a harmonic blend of fresh and subtle flavours.. Another highlight for me was the Hallertau Pale Ale Number 2 beer.. wow.. that is awesome.. I'm planning to visit the brewery in the near future.. Thanks guys, great job, impressed.
We have enjoyed the Bistro since it opened as well as Cafe Kohi and the cafe in Takapuna, staff and food 1st class. However, last night we went down for supper and were greeted by a very pleasant young man who told us there was a wait. He thought about 30 minutes so we decided to stay, he was true to his word and it was just under the time he had said when we sat down. We ordered and received our starter very promptly but then had to wait an hour and still no sign of our mains. We told our waitress who apologised profusely but still no mains course. We then noticed people around us who had not been there long getting their meals and told another member of staff. Eventually a female who appeared to be management and rather unpleasant brought our meals and made a sarcastic comment of "have you been waiting"!!!!! There was no attempt of an apology from her and her attitude suggested she couldn't care less.
Popped in on the weekend for a coffee and brioche to take away. Service at the counter was lovely and friendly. A bit of a wait for coffee, which was fine given how crazy busy the cafe was. Just a shame the coffee I was handed was luke warm and the brioche i asked to be heated was cold. I could have complained and asked for another coffee and for the brioche to be heated, however the place was so busy, and I didn't have time to wait around for another hot coffee to be made. A cafe that can't get the basics right really needs to lift its game given the competition in the area. I may give it another shot if I'm in St Heliers again and won't write this place off just yet, but disappointing visit thus far.
First of all, just to be picky. St Heliers Bay Bistro and Cafe is on the waterfront at ST HELIERS not Mission Bay and is in the new modern glass building on the corner of Tamaki Drive and Maheke St not halfway along that block as the map shows. Once found though, it's a great venue - classy and modern with great views out to Rangitoto and offering something for everyone at anytime of day. We went for brunch and though very busy the service was friendly and efficient and we got our meals quite quickly The Big Healthy is popular and lives up to its name with plenty of veg and healthy grain toast. Eggs Bene was delicious with bacon and the wood fired mushrooms divine.The coffee is good but there's a huge selection of other drinks, teas and shakes and smoothies, a comprehensive wine list and several cocktails on offer. There's a lovely courtyard if you have to wait for a table and also a servery for muffins and pastries and cakes and ice creams to take away The two preschoolers with us were welcomed and enjoyed their scrambled egg and lashings of bacon! I'd like to go back soon and sample the lunch menu.and after that maybe dinner! The menus looked great
Me and my family decided to check this place after reading the review in metro. We drove down from shore, but the host was very rude. She seemed to be not wanting us their. We left without eating.....I won't recommend St Heliers Cafe to anyone.
We visited this cafe on the spur of the moment, for a drink, hearth bread and chips. It was so enjoyable we returned with others the following weekend. Our visit was a roller coaster of good and bad. Waiting staff were nice, service good, BUT the Roasted Beet salad used tinned beetroot which was totally unacceptable, our bottle of pinot gris arrived warm (after complaining, we were told the wine order only arrived an hour earlier so wasn't chilled; funnily enough, two days later a friend got told exactly the same thing when her wine was warm! Not good), other meals were average, but the final straw was, the second we finished our coffees were asked to vacate the table as a group had been waiting for a table for 30 minutes. Totally unacceptable and something that ruined what had been a pleasant but disappointing lunch. We are reluctant to return
