Beautiful views, exceptionally clean and......Consistently good food, quality ingredients, happy staff who bend over backwards to accommodate your needs. This is a regular post exercise meeting place for my friends and me and the consensus is the food is great but the coffee is served weak....the smallest cup they serve shouldn't have to be "double shot"!! For the sake of five or so coffee beans they could improve this.
We walked in late Saturday afternoon hoping for a coffee and snacks. The restaurant was half empty. A female staff were sweeping the floor when we walked in. We were RUSHED to a table and menus were pretty much dumped on the table by the male waiting staff. This staff showed NO respect towards his customers and I don't even think he knows how to serve properly. He had NO idea what it meant by having standard manners. He might have very different values in his own culture, but certainly not the one I know of in NZ. Providing good service to his customer is clearly not a priority to this staff. In fact by the look on his face, he showed no interests working at the restaurant at all. As a result of that, I don't think I will be in a hurry returning to this restaurant.
The nicest meal I have had in a very very long time! Thank you for the delicious lamb, the wonderful dessert and the excellent service. I cannot fault this restaurant. I have visited for coffee and lunch in the past but last night was the first time for dinner. I was not disappointed and will definitely be back.
The other factor dragging this place down, in a BIG way, is the coffee. If they are trying to position themselves as the quality foody/coffee location in the area, there is no excuse for the coffee (the flat whites at least, and also the long blacks/espressos I've had were very poor too) which taste like something I'd feed a toddler (in other words a warm cup of steamed milk). The blend they use (Allpress) doesn't taste that great, then they use a single shot (at least they charge me extra if I ask for a double!), and make it way too frothy and milky. Maybe, when I was 3 and liked flavorless milk drinks, I would of liked their coffee; as it stands their coffee is worse than the typical coffee you can get from a service station, or a pod machine at home.
Amazing gelato (when it's cold, horrible when melted and should not be served). Great range of award winning flavours. Average coffee and weird hot chips. Great place to go for dessert though, my friends and I love getting the knickerbocker ice cream sundaes. Great how they service sparkling water. Service can sometimes be a bit overwhelming and come across a bit fake, but still nicer than snobby waiters!
Food outstanding - Coffee poor. We stopped in for Sunday brunch. The wait wasn't long for a table. We ordered the smoked fish omelette a clear 5/5. I enjoyed every mouthful. My wife had the hot cakes. She loved them. Coffees were a bit of a let down. Her small flat white coffee was incredible weak. 1/5. We let the wait staff know and they proceeded to explain with excuses. "It's weaker because it's one shot. Would you like two shots?" Actually it was very milky and clearly the barista was out of their depth. It tasted like a 1/4shot. My large coffee was better but not great. 2.5/5. My wife explained to the waiter that the problem was not a single shot. She's a top barista. She said it's just weak. No offer of a replacement coffee. My wife didn't finish her coffee. When we paid we let the person taking the payment know. They asked what was wrong with the coffee and again we explained and again no offer to drop the price, or no apology just an acknowledgment of our comments. So why the 4.0. Well the smoked fish omelette was an easy 5. My wife rated the hotcakes highly. The coffee and response to customer complaints is weak. We've had coffee here previously and it was fine. If we get another dud coffee we'll probably bail on the place for a while. Oh and definitely send it straight back.
Its always good to hear from locals when reviewing restaurants and locals we are. We love this place and frequent it from dawn (after morning run or swim) to dusk (catching up with friends, family, work colleagues). We love the staff, the coffee the sparkling water, bar selection and menu. Its great bistro food, always fresh and well presented without being fussy. Favourites include the lamb, pine nut and tomato pizzetta as a starter and the lamb shoulder with labneh sultanas and lentils as a main. Finishing dinner with affogato is never a bad move. If there is a wait for dinner, enjoy a craft beer or prosecco at the in-house bar and enjoy the magnificent view and ambience, or as an alternative, take your lobster buzzer and wait at another bar or on the beach until you are buzzed for your table. This place outshines anything else the bay has to offer.
Popped in on the weekend for a coffee and brioche to take away. Service at the counter was lovely and friendly. A bit of a wait for coffee, which was fine given how crazy busy the cafe was. Just a shame the coffee I was handed was luke warm and the brioche i asked to be heated was cold. I could have complained and asked for another coffee and for the brioche to be heated, however the place was so busy, and I didn't have time to wait around for another hot coffee to be made. A cafe that can't get the basics right really needs to lift its game given the competition in the area. I may give it another shot if I'm in St Heliers again and won't write this place off just yet, but disappointing visit thus far.
First of all, just to be picky. St Heliers Bay Bistro and Cafe is on the waterfront at ST HELIERS not Mission Bay and is in the new modern glass building on the corner of Tamaki Drive and Maheke St not halfway along that block as the map shows. Once found though, it's a great venue - classy and modern with great views out to Rangitoto and offering something for everyone at anytime of day. We went for brunch and though very busy the service was friendly and efficient and we got our meals quite quickly The Big Healthy is popular and lives up to its name with plenty of veg and healthy grain toast. Eggs Bene was delicious with bacon and the wood fired mushrooms divine.The coffee is good but there's a huge selection of other drinks, teas and shakes and smoothies, a comprehensive wine list and several cocktails on offer. There's a lovely courtyard if you have to wait for a table and also a servery for muffins and pastries and cakes and ice creams to take away The two preschoolers with us were welcomed and enjoyed their scrambled egg and lashings of bacon! I'd like to go back soon and sample the lunch menu.and after that maybe dinner! The menus looked great
