Went there for brunch with a friend and must say that the smoked fish (made in house, according to staff) was very good, same for the sorbet. Price is OK, not as expensive as I expected considering it's in St Heliers and the contemporary decor with beautiful and conform table chairs. Nice place to have coffee, a meal or drinks with a good view of the beach.
Despite being a busy place, the service here really stands out. Extra attentive and accommodating staff made our short wait worthwhile. We were seated by the window which looked out to the ocean - couldn't be more perfect for a relaxed weekend lunch. I had the market fish and i was extremely happy with it - seared perfectly and a lovely vinaigrette in the salad made it a light and perky meal. I would totally recommend ordering this one. As for the lamb dish, the meat was tender but together with the quinoa it ended up tasting a bit bland. On the whole, this place has awesome quality food - worth revisiting for sure
I was expecting so much more from St Heliers Bay Bistro. I felt so claustrophobic from the minute I sat down. It was hot and stuffy. I know it's summer, but there was no ventilation. Well apart from the sliding door from where you enter. It got to the point where I had to stop eating and leave. The service varied.. the two female servers were nice and attentive. Where as the Indian male was a bit abrupt. And rude when my partner said no to desserts because it was too hot there for us. Food was okay/average. I had the duck and my partner had the fish and chips. He did really enjoy the peas on the dish. Mine was nothing I'd be back for.
Been here twice already- first was to celebrate my birthday with my fam & second was just a casual brunch with my partner Abhishek Nair, both times I've been here, everything was good- food, ambiance and service. The 1st time I came here I ordered 'Fish Crudo', where in I don't have any idea that it was a raw fish (I don't like raw fish... I'm not a big fan of sushi.) The dish was good tho it came with a sweet lemony puree on the side which makes it more tastier and easier for me to eat. The food my fam ordered were good as well. The 2nd time I came here, I ordered 'Fish & Chips' along with the 'Summer Health Fresh Juice'. Me and my partner love the juice! It was refreshing! My partner ordered 'Pulled Pork Pizzetta'. The place is so cozy plus St. Heliers Bay is just in front of the cafe. After eating, you could just head down to the bay for a stroll or just chill. Staffs were friendly and helpful as well
Nice brunch with my friend after a walk along missionbay. Good services and atmosphere. I ordered the market fish dish and it was soooo good. My friend had the lamb and she liked it as well. Hope to come along again some time!
Beautiful view and gorgeous staff. Although it's a busy cafe, you still feel you are well looked after. Had brunch, market fish was fresh and crispy on the outside, hubby had wagyu burger, the bun was soft,beef patty was tender and the whole burger was easy to bite into(most cafe brioche buns look shiny and lovely but let's be honest it's nearly impossible to consume the burger as a whole). House soda was reasonably priced but way too sweet for me, we end up mixing complementary sparkling water with the soda and squeezing the whole wedge of lemon in the drink, which turned out much better tastewise. Also we ordered cabinet dessert, how nice you don't have to wait in a crowd to get a treat from Milse!
Attended this cafe around 2 pm for a late lunch with my family, it was around a ten minute wait for a table, which was not too long but after getting put at the wrong table and then being moved to a table equally as small (one small table for four people) which also had a wobble which cause us to take matters into our own hands and fold up a slip of paper and use that to stop our food from wobbling off the table! But I ordered the fish and chips, which was good, the fish wasn't incredibly fresh but the chips were delicious, I also ordered the vanilla and malt smoothie which was also delicious but quite small in size, finally for dessert I ordered the rhubarb sundae which was absolutely delightful and the vanilla ice-cream on top added to the scrumptious taste.
I fancy my ice mocha!! When its landed at the table i felt like in chemistry class :)). Although i might not make the right mixture but i love the taste and the sweetness i can control. I had the omellet with smoked fish (seems like i hav this everywhere i go..). I cant finish as there is sooo much eggs. But the seasonings are nice. Smoked fish is lovely. The only down point is my bread is really hard! My boyfriend had poached eggs with mushroom. I tried a bit, love the mushroom!! The eggs are perfectly poached, runny york when cut open Love the experience here. Will come back
Great location looking out over the water at St Heliers, nicely laid out with seating and an internal courtyard where you can wait and order cabinet food to takeaway. Even though the cafe was chock full we didn't have to wait long for our buzzer to go off. Table size was a bit small, but then it's probably necessary considering how popular it is here, and did I mention how amazing the cabinet food / desserts and gelato looked! I had the smoked fish omelette which I couldn't fault (although I don't think it's necessary to serve omelette with toasted bread), and the service was super friendly, so can definitely recommend this cafe!
Food outstanding - Coffee poor. We stopped in for Sunday brunch. The wait wasn't long for a table. We ordered the smoked fish omelette a clear 5/5. I enjoyed every mouthful. My wife had the hot cakes. She loved them. Coffees were a bit of a let down. Her small flat white coffee was incredible weak. 1/5. We let the wait staff know and they proceeded to explain with excuses. "It's weaker because it's one shot. Would you like two shots?" Actually it was very milky and clearly the barista was out of their depth. It tasted like a 1/4shot. My large coffee was better but not great. 2.5/5. My wife explained to the waiter that the problem was not a single shot. She's a top barista. She said it's just weak. No offer of a replacement coffee. My wife didn't finish her coffee. When we paid we let the person taking the payment know. They asked what was wrong with the coffee and again we explained and again no offer to drop the price, or no apology just an acknowledgment of our comments. So why the 4.0. Well the smoked fish omelette was an easy 5. My wife rated the hotcakes highly. The coffee and response to customer complaints is weak. We've had coffee here previously and it was fine. If we get another dud coffee we'll probably bail on the place for a while. Oh and definitely send it straight back.
The decor is beautiful. Its very modern but warming at the same time. All though there a lot of tables and all quite close to one another it's not too over bearing. This place is done right. The food was delicious and those fries, so yum! The one little let down was that my fish was slightly over cooked, but I was too hungry at the time to send it back, however they were happy to take constructive criticism when I mentioned it after the meal. You get an awesome view of the water whilst you eat and are served by lovely people. If you are in a rush they also have a takeout menu on side. Def recommend and come for a visit! Good food, value and service!
My friend recommended this place and my sister and I wanted to wanted to take our mother out for a special belated mothers day lunch. We were not disappointed at all, the service was excellent and my sister commented "slick, they just have it so sorted" while it was busy we didn't feel rushed, or stressed. I was a bit concernd bringing in my 4 year old boy but they made him feel just as welcome as us, offered a childrens menu immediately and asked if he wanted smaller cutlery. The waiter even took him to the freezer to see what flavour gelato he wanted. Our meals were all wonderful, eggs benedict, pulled pork burger, salmon salad (lovely to see lots of salmon) and a fish and chips meal for my son. We will definitely return, and I will look forward to working my way though the menu.
