Beautiful views, exceptionally clean and......Consistently good food, quality ingredients, happy staff who bend over backwards to accommodate your needs. This is a regular post exercise meeting place for my friends and me and the consensus is the food is great but the coffee is served weak....the smallest cup they serve shouldn't have to be "double shot"!! For the sake of five or so coffee beans they could improve this.
Despite being a busy place, the service here really stands out. Extra attentive and accommodating staff made our short wait worthwhile. We were seated by the window which looked out to the ocean - couldn't be more perfect for a relaxed weekend lunch. I had the market fish and i was extremely happy with it - seared perfectly and a lovely vinaigrette in the salad made it a light and perky meal. I would totally recommend ordering this one. As for the lamb dish, the meat was tender but together with the quinoa it ended up tasting a bit bland. On the whole, this place has awesome quality food - worth revisiting for sure
Being part of cafe and kohi that we didn't realise until we were looking at menu and seen a staff member from kohi we had to try, this group never fails everything they do is AAAA class overall everything is 100% food staff decor etc I'm sure we will be back we always do
Came for lunch. Food was okay. They were happy to adapt most things on there menu to make them gluten free. We waited in my opinion to long to get our drinks. With people receiving theirs before us even though they had ordered after us. Was okay. Not bad, but not amazing either.
I was expecting so much more from St Heliers Bay Bistro. I felt so claustrophobic from the minute I sat down. It was hot and stuffy. I know it's summer, but there was no ventilation. Well apart from the sliding door from where you enter. It got to the point where I had to stop eating and leave. The service varied.. the two female servers were nice and attentive. Where as the Indian male was a bit abrupt. And rude when my partner said no to desserts because it was too hot there for us. Food was okay/average. I had the duck and my partner had the fish and chips. He did really enjoy the peas on the dish. Mine was nothing I'd be back for.
Most pompous and overrated establishment in the area. They believe that they can hype up and poshify their dishes with words in menu descriptions borrowed from Romance languages, which works right up until the actual food is in front of you. Portion sizes are ridiculously small considering the price. Only properly satisfying dish they have is their big breakfast, whatever it's called. Their pizettas are awfully hard, and many children could probably bake something more interesting. Their staff are some of the most condescending people I have ever met. Only saving graces are the modern decor and the view. Please do not fall for the place.
Been here twice already- first was to celebrate my birthday with my fam & second was just a casual brunch with my partner Abhishek Nair, both times I've been here, everything was good- food, ambiance and service. The 1st time I came here I ordered 'Fish Crudo', where in I don't have any idea that it was a raw fish (I don't like raw fish... I'm not a big fan of sushi.) The dish was good tho it came with a sweet lemony puree on the side which makes it more tastier and easier for me to eat. The food my fam ordered were good as well. The 2nd time I came here, I ordered 'Fish & Chips' along with the 'Summer Health Fresh Juice'. Me and my partner love the juice! It was refreshing! My partner ordered 'Pulled Pork Pizzetta'. The place is so cozy plus St. Heliers Bay is just in front of the cafe. After eating, you could just head down to the bay for a stroll or just chill. Staffs were friendly and helpful as well
I went to St Heilers Bay Cafe & Bistro for the second time in December and was once again very happy with my dining experience. Cafe's in Auckland can be very hit and miss; in terms of service and food presentation. Personally, when dining out for breakfast/brunch I am looking for that extra finesse that cannot be so easily recreated at home and St Helier Bay Cafe definitely delivers this. There are the standard breakfast menu options on the menu, but cooked and presented in a modern way. I ordered the Agria galette, poached eggs, hollandaise which was delicious with a side of hand cut chips and aioli. A glass of Bollinger went down nicely as well! The service at St Heliers Bay Cafe is really good, the cafe always seems to be quite busy but the waitstaff are attentive and the food arrived quickly. The cafe interior is modern and open with a nice view of the beach. This is now my go-to place for a cafe breakfast/lunch.
When arriving we were greeted nicely - the place was packed but the guy told us it would be 10 min wait. We were seated on the waiting table they gave us menus and water while we were waiting. Like I said it was super busy and yet they gave us the best service from the beginning most places would just forget about you but the staff here are super friendly and well trained. Food was soooo good I got the Waygu burger (3/5 of us did) and we all like it and really enjoyed our food. Would recommended this place to my friends and family
Attended this cafe around 2 pm for a late lunch with my family, it was around a ten minute wait for a table, which was not too long but after getting put at the wrong table and then being moved to a table equally as small (one small table for four people) which also had a wobble which cause us to take matters into our own hands and fold up a slip of paper and use that to stop our food from wobbling off the table! But I ordered the fish and chips, which was good, the fish wasn't incredibly fresh but the chips were delicious, I also ordered the vanilla and malt smoothie which was also delicious but quite small in size, finally for dessert I ordered the rhubarb sundae which was absolutely delightful and the vanilla ice-cream on top added to the scrumptious taste.
The food here is good - fresh, original and well-cooked. If you're looking for a cafe with a different and interesting menu, this is the place to go. With great big windows letting in plenty of natural light and wonderful views of the beach, this place is really great on a sunny day. We enjoyed our meals and I like they have a good range of non-alcoholic drinks as well.
The place was full, but I didn't have to wait for long to sit. All the staffs are friendly and have good manner. The food is normal, taste good. And also the good view from restaurant is the supporting factor.
As soon as we walked in a table freed up for us to relax at and we were quickly handed a glass of water and menus. My friend and I had just walked up to St Heliers Point lookout so we were in need of something refreshing and the smoothies looked enticing! We both ended up ordering the rhubarb and vanilla smoothie - such a good choice, it was amazing! Our waiter was very good with selling the food on the menu and talked us into getting the hand cut fries as well! Another good choice though as they came with roasted garlic aioli on the side - the best I have ever tried. It was literally to die for! We both said that we would definitely be coming back to this place, with all our friends, for a bigger meal! It was a good way to end the afternoon.
Great location looking out over the water at St Heliers, nicely laid out with seating and an internal courtyard where you can wait and order cabinet food to takeaway. Even though the cafe was chock full we didn't have to wait long for our buzzer to go off. Table size was a bit small, but then it's probably necessary considering how popular it is here, and did I mention how amazing the cabinet food / desserts and gelato looked! I had the smoked fish omelette which I couldn't fault (although I don't think it's necessary to serve omelette with toasted bread), and the service was super friendly, so can definitely recommend this cafe!
What bumps this cafe up that little more for me is the location and design. It's a delightful view of the waterfront, especially if the weather is being kind and the modern, comfortable interior gives it that feel of sophistication while dining. Food is simply yum, with prices and portion sizes fair - bacon was in the right amount unlike other places that often skimp out, I also like the different combinations offered on the pizzettas. Service good, with a lovely atmosphere, what's not to like.
Food outstanding - Coffee poor. We stopped in for Sunday brunch. The wait wasn't long for a table. We ordered the smoked fish omelette a clear 5/5. I enjoyed every mouthful. My wife had the hot cakes. She loved them. Coffees were a bit of a let down. Her small flat white coffee was incredible weak. 1/5. We let the wait staff know and they proceeded to explain with excuses. "It's weaker because it's one shot. Would you like two shots?" Actually it was very milky and clearly the barista was out of their depth. It tasted like a 1/4shot. My large coffee was better but not great. 2.5/5. My wife explained to the waiter that the problem was not a single shot. She's a top barista. She said it's just weak. No offer of a replacement coffee. My wife didn't finish her coffee. When we paid we let the person taking the payment know. They asked what was wrong with the coffee and again we explained and again no offer to drop the price, or no apology just an acknowledgment of our comments. So why the 4.0. Well the smoked fish omelette was an easy 5. My wife rated the hotcakes highly. The coffee and response to customer complaints is weak. We've had coffee here previously and it was fine. If we get another dud coffee we'll probably bail on the place for a while. Oh and definitely send it straight back.
The decor is beautiful. Its very modern but warming at the same time. All though there a lot of tables and all quite close to one another it's not too over bearing. This place is done right. The food was delicious and those fries, so yum! The one little let down was that my fish was slightly over cooked, but I was too hungry at the time to send it back, however they were happy to take constructive criticism when I mentioned it after the meal. You get an awesome view of the water whilst you eat and are served by lovely people. If you are in a rush they also have a takeout menu on side. Def recommend and come for a visit! Good food, value and service!
I agree with other people that there seems to be ongoing issues here in relation to the balance between style and substance. Well-presented wait staff are never likely to be the deciding factor in the overall experience. I went for lunch this week with a friend and was more than happy to pay decent money for a good quality experience. Sadly, the meals were disappointing. I gave half my lamb - slow cooked and tasty but insufficient moistness in the pumpkin purée and chickpeas made it too dry a combination to really enjoy) - to my friend who had chosen the beetroot and feta salad. This tasted good at first, but at $22, it was largely just beet root, with a few meagre crumbs of feta. Underwhelming, to say the least. The service was attentive, but still a few unnecessary slip ups. Stylish for sure, but only average food wise.
Great food and friendly attentive service.. Love your entrees, the breads were very tasty and a real surprise. First time visit to this lovely little Cafe and it certainly won't be the last. The lamb shoulder was excellent, the best I've experienced in a long time.. Cooked to juicy perfection and topped off with a harmonic blend of fresh and subtle flavours.. Another highlight for me was the Hallertau Pale Ale Number 2 beer.. wow.. that is awesome.. I'm planning to visit the brewery in the near future.. Thanks guys, great job, impressed.
We have enjoyed the Bistro since it opened as well as Cafe Kohi and the cafe in Takapuna, staff and food 1st class. However, last night we went down for supper and were greeted by a very pleasant young man who told us there was a wait. He thought about 30 minutes so we decided to stay, he was true to his word and it was just under the time he had said when we sat down. We ordered and received our starter very promptly but then had to wait an hour and still no sign of our mains. We told our waitress who apologised profusely but still no mains course. We then noticed people around us who had not been there long getting their meals and told another member of staff. Eventually a female who appeared to be management and rather unpleasant brought our meals and made a sarcastic comment of "have you been waiting"!!!!! There was no attempt of an apology from her and her attitude suggested she couldn't care less.
The food is tasty, and most of the offerings are quite traditional. I do like their presentation; it’s inviting, rustic and colourful. The menu, or the flavours didn’t excite me, but this isn’t really a place to be wowed. This is a place to stop by for an easy meal in beautiful, relaxed surroundings and be taken care of.
The location is really good an up until now we were regular guests. The food seems to be getting more average and no longer up to standard. We had a "slow" cooked lamb which was still uncooked and fatty and a very cheap cut. Wine is being served not as cold as it should be and it looks like we are getting the same excuses as other guest,e.g "the wine has just arrived an is not chilled yet". One other point is that whenever we visit we get either rushed to order or rushed to finish to make room for the next wave of visitors. The tables are too small to eat comfortably. Not really acceptable. Will not go back in a hurry.
