I was expecting so much more from St Heliers Bay Bistro. I felt so claustrophobic from the minute I sat down. It was hot and stuffy. I know it's summer, but there was no ventilation. Well apart from the sliding door from where you enter. It got to the point where I had to stop eating and leave. The service varied.. the two female servers were nice and attentive. Where as the Indian male was a bit abrupt. And rude when my partner said no to desserts because it was too hot there for us. Food was okay/average. I had the duck and my partner had the fish and chips. He did really enjoy the peas on the dish. Mine was nothing I'd be back for.
Very disappointed with the experience i had this morning. The service is slack for an off peak hour on a weekday. My empty glass has never been filled up the whole time i had my brunch there. The table and chairs were not properly clean and full of bits and pieces from the previous customers. Ordered the hotcakes which were one of the worst i have ever had. Didn't even finish it and left the restaurant with empty stomach. Will still give it a try next time i am in the area given the high rating, and hope this time is just an unlucky experience.
We walked in late Saturday afternoon hoping for a coffee and snacks. The restaurant was half empty. A female staff were sweeping the floor when we walked in. We were RUSHED to a table and menus were pretty much dumped on the table by the male waiting staff. This staff showed NO respect towards his customers and I don't even think he knows how to serve properly. He had NO idea what it meant by having standard manners. He might have very different values in his own culture, but certainly not the one I know of in NZ. Providing good service to his customer is clearly not a priority to this staff. In fact by the look on his face, he showed no interests working at the restaurant at all. As a result of that, I don't think I will be in a hurry returning to this restaurant.
The other factor dragging this place down, in a BIG way, is the coffee. If they are trying to position themselves as the quality foody/coffee location in the area, there is no excuse for the coffee (the flat whites at least, and also the long blacks/espressos I've had were very poor too) which taste like something I'd feed a toddler (in other words a warm cup of steamed milk). The blend they use (Allpress) doesn't taste that great, then they use a single shot (at least they charge me extra if I ask for a double!), and make it way too frothy and milky. Maybe, when I was 3 and liked flavorless milk drinks, I would of liked their coffee; as it stands their coffee is worse than the typical coffee you can get from a service station, or a pod machine at home.
Came here a couple of weeks ago for a date night. Seated almost immediately and by the window overlooking the bay which was a surprise because they were so busy! Service was amazing throughout the night and water etc was always topped up. I ordered the parpadelle which was absolutely amazing! A well balanced dish with a perfect flavour combination and perfect pasta that wasn't too heavy or thick. My boyfriend ordered the lamb which he also said was amazing. Highly reccomend the salted caramel gelato if your looking for a sweet treat to end the night! Overall A for service and A for food, would definately go back for round two!
I went to St Heilers Bay Cafe & Bistro for the second time in December and was once again very happy with my dining experience. Cafe's in Auckland can be very hit and miss; in terms of service and food presentation. Personally, when dining out for breakfast/brunch I am looking for that extra finesse that cannot be so easily recreated at home and St Helier Bay Cafe definitely delivers this. There are the standard breakfast menu options on the menu, but cooked and presented in a modern way. I ordered the Agria galette, poached eggs, hollandaise which was delicious with a side of hand cut chips and aioli. A glass of Bollinger went down nicely as well! The service at St Heliers Bay Cafe is really good, the cafe always seems to be quite busy but the waitstaff are attentive and the food arrived quickly. The cafe interior is modern and open with a nice view of the beach. This is now my go-to place for a cafe breakfast/lunch.
When arriving we were greeted nicely - the place was packed but the guy told us it would be 10 min wait. We were seated on the waiting table they gave us menus and water while we were waiting. Like I said it was super busy and yet they gave us the best service from the beginning most places would just forget about you but the staff here are super friendly and well trained. Food was soooo good I got the Waygu burger (3/5 of us did) and we all like it and really enjoyed our food. Would recommended this place to my friends and family
Met my friend here this morning. Luckily already had a table by the window. Seating a little too cramped for my liking but you got used to it. My friend had the porridge with the rhubarb and chose the hotcakes with apple and toffee sauce. Not sure the sauce was a sauce. More like a sugar syrup. Also the apples tasted like they were out of a tin, but tasty nonetheless. I found the breakfast pretty average but couldn't fault the service. Considering it was father's day it was pretty busy but service was excellent. Sparkling water constantly served.
Amazing gelato (when it's cold, horrible when melted and should not be served). Great range of award winning flavours. Average coffee and weird hot chips. Great place to go for dessert though, my friends and I love getting the knickerbocker ice cream sundaes. Great how they service sparkling water. Service can sometimes be a bit overwhelming and come across a bit fake, but still nicer than snobby waiters!
What bumps this cafe up that little more for me is the location and design. It's a delightful view of the waterfront, especially if the weather is being kind and the modern, comfortable interior gives it that feel of sophistication while dining. Food is simply yum, with prices and portion sizes fair - bacon was in the right amount unlike other places that often skimp out, I also like the different combinations offered on the pizzettas. Service good, with a lovely atmosphere, what's not to like.
I agree with other people that there seems to be ongoing issues here in relation to the balance between style and substance. Well-presented wait staff are never likely to be the deciding factor in the overall experience. I went for lunch this week with a friend and was more than happy to pay decent money for a good quality experience. Sadly, the meals were disappointing. I gave half my lamb - slow cooked and tasty but insufficient moistness in the pumpkin purée and chickpeas made it too dry a combination to really enjoy) - to my friend who had chosen the beetroot and feta salad. This tasted good at first, but at $22, it was largely just beet root, with a few meagre crumbs of feta. Underwhelming, to say the least. The service was attentive, but still a few unnecessary slip ups. Stylish for sure, but only average food wise.
We were looking forward to visiting but maybe we both picked the wrong meals and had too higher expectations. The pulled pork burger was okay, a bit dry and tasteless. The chips were great but was expecting the tomato sauce to be made in house. It seemed to taste like Heinz. We also didn't like the fact you were just given fizzy water... Great view and very proactive service but it almost seemed fake. Not sure if we will be back...
We visited this cafe on the spur of the moment, for a drink, hearth bread and chips. It was so enjoyable we returned with others the following weekend. Our visit was a roller coaster of good and bad. Waiting staff were nice, service good, BUT the Roasted Beet salad used tinned beetroot which was totally unacceptable, our bottle of pinot gris arrived warm (after complaining, we were told the wine order only arrived an hour earlier so wasn't chilled; funnily enough, two days later a friend got told exactly the same thing when her wine was warm! Not good), other meals were average, but the final straw was, the second we finished our coffees were asked to vacate the table as a group had been waiting for a table for 30 minutes. Totally unacceptable and something that ruined what had been a pleasant but disappointing lunch. We are reluctant to return
