Beautiful views, exceptionally clean and......Consistently good food, quality ingredients, happy staff who bend over backwards to accommodate your needs. This is a regular post exercise meeting place for my friends and me and the consensus is the food is great but the coffee is served weak....the smallest cup they serve shouldn't have to be "double shot"!! For the sake of five or so coffee beans they could improve this.
Despite being a busy place, the service here really stands out. Extra attentive and accommodating staff made our short wait worthwhile. We were seated by the window which looked out to the ocean - couldn't be more perfect for a relaxed weekend lunch. I had the market fish and i was extremely happy with it - seared perfectly and a lovely vinaigrette in the salad made it a light and perky meal. I would totally recommend ordering this one. As for the lamb dish, the meat was tender but together with the quinoa it ended up tasting a bit bland. On the whole, this place has awesome quality food - worth revisiting for sure
Being part of cafe and kohi that we didn't realise until we were looking at menu and seen a staff member from kohi we had to try, this group never fails everything they do is AAAA class overall everything is 100% food staff decor etc I'm sure we will be back we always do
Most pompous and overrated establishment in the area. They believe that they can hype up and poshify their dishes with words in menu descriptions borrowed from Romance languages, which works right up until the actual food is in front of you. Portion sizes are ridiculously small considering the price. Only properly satisfying dish they have is their big breakfast, whatever it's called. Their pizettas are awfully hard, and many children could probably bake something more interesting. Their staff are some of the most condescending people I have ever met. Only saving graces are the modern decor and the view. Please do not fall for the place.
We walked in late Saturday afternoon hoping for a coffee and snacks. The restaurant was half empty. A female staff were sweeping the floor when we walked in. We were RUSHED to a table and menus were pretty much dumped on the table by the male waiting staff. This staff showed NO respect towards his customers and I don't even think he knows how to serve properly. He had NO idea what it meant by having standard manners. He might have very different values in his own culture, but certainly not the one I know of in NZ. Providing good service to his customer is clearly not a priority to this staff. In fact by the look on his face, he showed no interests working at the restaurant at all. As a result of that, I don't think I will be in a hurry returning to this restaurant.
When arriving we were greeted nicely - the place was packed but the guy told us it would be 10 min wait. We were seated on the waiting table they gave us menus and water while we were waiting. Like I said it was super busy and yet they gave us the best service from the beginning most places would just forget about you but the staff here are super friendly and well trained. Food was soooo good I got the Waygu burger (3/5 of us did) and we all like it and really enjoyed our food. Would recommended this place to my friends and family
This is my first visit with my partner. Very nice ambience. Staff are very professional and deliver outstanding service - couldn't even tell that they work there because it seems like they are enjoying themselves which is nice to see.
Food outstanding - Coffee poor. We stopped in for Sunday brunch. The wait wasn't long for a table. We ordered the smoked fish omelette a clear 5/5. I enjoyed every mouthful. My wife had the hot cakes. She loved them. Coffees were a bit of a let down. Her small flat white coffee was incredible weak. 1/5. We let the wait staff know and they proceeded to explain with excuses. "It's weaker because it's one shot. Would you like two shots?" Actually it was very milky and clearly the barista was out of their depth. It tasted like a 1/4shot. My large coffee was better but not great. 2.5/5. My wife explained to the waiter that the problem was not a single shot. She's a top barista. She said it's just weak. No offer of a replacement coffee. My wife didn't finish her coffee. When we paid we let the person taking the payment know. They asked what was wrong with the coffee and again we explained and again no offer to drop the price, or no apology just an acknowledgment of our comments. So why the 4.0. Well the smoked fish omelette was an easy 5. My wife rated the hotcakes highly. The coffee and response to customer complaints is weak. We've had coffee here previously and it was fine. If we get another dud coffee we'll probably bail on the place for a while. Oh and definitely send it straight back.
I agree with other people that there seems to be ongoing issues here in relation to the balance between style and substance. Well-presented wait staff are never likely to be the deciding factor in the overall experience. I went for lunch this week with a friend and was more than happy to pay decent money for a good quality experience. Sadly, the meals were disappointing. I gave half my lamb - slow cooked and tasty but insufficient moistness in the pumpkin purée and chickpeas made it too dry a combination to really enjoy) - to my friend who had chosen the beetroot and feta salad. This tasted good at first, but at $22, it was largely just beet root, with a few meagre crumbs of feta. Underwhelming, to say the least. The service was attentive, but still a few unnecessary slip ups. Stylish for sure, but only average food wise.
We have enjoyed the Bistro since it opened as well as Cafe Kohi and the cafe in Takapuna, staff and food 1st class. However, last night we went down for supper and were greeted by a very pleasant young man who told us there was a wait. He thought about 30 minutes so we decided to stay, he was true to his word and it was just under the time he had said when we sat down. We ordered and received our starter very promptly but then had to wait an hour and still no sign of our mains. We told our waitress who apologised profusely but still no mains course. We then noticed people around us who had not been there long getting their meals and told another member of staff. Eventually a female who appeared to be management and rather unpleasant brought our meals and made a sarcastic comment of "have you been waiting"!!!!! There was no attempt of an apology from her and her attitude suggested she couldn't care less.
On leaving my husband told the young gentleman who was extremely apologetic and said he would report the incident. Will we be back, not sure, as the menu is very limited and seldom changed plus the attitude of one member of staff is appalling, for one who seems to be in a managerial position.
Changed our mind about this place. Duty manager/maitre d not professional with dealing, kept telling us it is ok to eat pink chicken and that's the way it is cooked and the meat itself is naturally pink even after cooking. Sadly the other dish - hamburger is lacking in seasoning and tasted bland. We were blamed for making one of the wait staff upset with our initial complain hence I deemed this very unprofessional and uncalled for. Again, eateries should always bare in mind that some of your customers are in the hospitality industry themselves and would have firsthand knowledge on appropriate and professional complains dealing.
Had lunch , table for 2. Good feel in the restaurant, busy, but not overwhelming. A bit of staff overkill, but better that than the contrary. Waiter was good, with a sense of humor! Ordered the tomato salad, and livers with bacon. Livers were cooked to perfection! Definitely recommend this place. Chef Marc has done a great job with this place.
We visited this cafe on the spur of the moment, for a drink, hearth bread and chips. It was so enjoyable we returned with others the following weekend. Our visit was a roller coaster of good and bad. Waiting staff were nice, service good, BUT the Roasted Beet salad used tinned beetroot which was totally unacceptable, our bottle of pinot gris arrived warm (after complaining, we were told the wine order only arrived an hour earlier so wasn't chilled; funnily enough, two days later a friend got told exactly the same thing when her wine was warm! Not good), other meals were average, but the final straw was, the second we finished our coffees were asked to vacate the table as a group had been waiting for a table for 30 minutes. Totally unacceptable and something that ruined what had been a pleasant but disappointing lunch. We are reluctant to return
