Been here twice already- first was to celebrate my birthday with my fam & second was just a casual brunch with my partner Abhishek Nair, both times I've been here, everything was good- food, ambiance and service. The 1st time I came here I ordered 'Fish Crudo', where in I don't have any idea that it was a raw fish (I don't like raw fish... I'm not a big fan of sushi.) The dish was good tho it came with a sweet lemony puree on the side which makes it more tastier and easier for me to eat. The food my fam ordered were good as well. The 2nd time I came here, I ordered 'Fish & Chips' along with the 'Summer Health Fresh Juice'. Me and my partner love the juice! It was refreshing! My partner ordered 'Pulled Pork Pizzetta'. The place is so cozy plus St. Heliers Bay is just in front of the cafe. After eating, you could just head down to the bay for a stroll or just chill. Staffs were friendly and helpful as well
Very disappointed with the experience i had this morning. The service is slack for an off peak hour on a weekday. My empty glass has never been filled up the whole time i had my brunch there. The table and chairs were not properly clean and full of bits and pieces from the previous customers. Ordered the hotcakes which were one of the worst i have ever had. Didn't even finish it and left the restaurant with empty stomach. Will still give it a try next time i am in the area given the high rating, and hope this time is just an unlucky experience.
The nicest meal I have had in a very very long time! Thank you for the delicious lamb, the wonderful dessert and the excellent service. I cannot fault this restaurant. I have visited for coffee and lunch in the past but last night was the first time for dinner. I was not disappointed and will definitely be back.
I went to St Heilers Bay Cafe & Bistro for the second time in December and was once again very happy with my dining experience. Cafe's in Auckland can be very hit and miss; in terms of service and food presentation. Personally, when dining out for breakfast/brunch I am looking for that extra finesse that cannot be so easily recreated at home and St Helier Bay Cafe definitely delivers this. There are the standard breakfast menu options on the menu, but cooked and presented in a modern way. I ordered the Agria galette, poached eggs, hollandaise which was delicious with a side of hand cut chips and aioli. A glass of Bollinger went down nicely as well! The service at St Heliers Bay Cafe is really good, the cafe always seems to be quite busy but the waitstaff are attentive and the food arrived quickly. The cafe interior is modern and open with a nice view of the beach. This is now my go-to place for a cafe breakfast/lunch.
Love this cafe! Service has been brilliant every time I've been and the meals are always excellent. Love the atmosphere and friendly staff. The images are from two separate occasions. The first time I went, I ordered the eggs benedict which was so tasty and filling. The next time I went I ordered the mushrooms and eggs and it was an equally tasty and filling dish. Highly recommend both meals. Would love to come back again to try more of the sweet dishes on the menu!
The decor is beautiful. Its very modern but warming at the same time. All though there a lot of tables and all quite close to one another it's not too over bearing. This place is done right. The food was delicious and those fries, so yum! The one little let down was that my fish was slightly over cooked, but I was too hungry at the time to send it back, however they were happy to take constructive criticism when I mentioned it after the meal. You get an awesome view of the water whilst you eat and are served by lovely people. If you are in a rush they also have a takeout menu on side. Def recommend and come for a visit! Good food, value and service!
The most variable restaurant I've ever visited. From the time it first opened my wife and I have been regulars, averaging around 2 visits a month. Even so, no one ever recognises us and welcomes us back, even after spending over $700 on a lunch there once, then dining there the very next day.
Great food and friendly attentive service.. Love your entrees, the breads were very tasty and a real surprise. First time visit to this lovely little Cafe and it certainly won't be the last. The lamb shoulder was excellent, the best I've experienced in a long time.. Cooked to juicy perfection and topped off with a harmonic blend of fresh and subtle flavours.. Another highlight for me was the Hallertau Pale Ale Number 2 beer.. wow.. that is awesome.. I'm planning to visit the brewery in the near future.. Thanks guys, great job, impressed.
We have enjoyed the Bistro since it opened as well as Cafe Kohi and the cafe in Takapuna, staff and food 1st class. However, last night we went down for supper and were greeted by a very pleasant young man who told us there was a wait. He thought about 30 minutes so we decided to stay, he was true to his word and it was just under the time he had said when we sat down. We ordered and received our starter very promptly but then had to wait an hour and still no sign of our mains. We told our waitress who apologised profusely but still no mains course. We then noticed people around us who had not been there long getting their meals and told another member of staff. Eventually a female who appeared to be management and rather unpleasant brought our meals and made a sarcastic comment of "have you been waiting"!!!!! There was no attempt of an apology from her and her attitude suggested she couldn't care less.
Popped in on the weekend for a coffee and brioche to take away. Service at the counter was lovely and friendly. A bit of a wait for coffee, which was fine given how crazy busy the cafe was. Just a shame the coffee I was handed was luke warm and the brioche i asked to be heated was cold. I could have complained and asked for another coffee and for the brioche to be heated, however the place was so busy, and I didn't have time to wait around for another hot coffee to be made. A cafe that can't get the basics right really needs to lift its game given the competition in the area. I may give it another shot if I'm in St Heliers again and won't write this place off just yet, but disappointing visit thus far.
