Despite being a busy place, the service here really stands out. Extra attentive and accommodating staff made our short wait worthwhile. We were seated by the window which looked out to the ocean - couldn't be more perfect for a relaxed weekend lunch. I had the market fish and i was extremely happy with it - seared perfectly and a lovely vinaigrette in the salad made it a light and perky meal. I would totally recommend ordering this one. As for the lamb dish, the meat was tender but together with the quinoa it ended up tasting a bit bland. On the whole, this place has awesome quality food - worth revisiting for sure
Beautiful view and gorgeous staff. Although it's a busy cafe, you still feel you are well looked after. Had brunch, market fish was fresh and crispy on the outside, hubby had wagyu burger, the bun was soft,beef patty was tender and the whole burger was easy to bite into(most cafe brioche buns look shiny and lovely but let's be honest it's nearly impossible to consume the burger as a whole). House soda was reasonably priced but way too sweet for me, we end up mixing complementary sparkling water with the soda and squeezing the whole wedge of lemon in the drink, which turned out much better tastewise. Also we ordered cabinet dessert, how nice you don't have to wait in a crowd to get a treat from Milse!
Attended this cafe around 2 pm for a late lunch with my family, it was around a ten minute wait for a table, which was not too long but after getting put at the wrong table and then being moved to a table equally as small (one small table for four people) which also had a wobble which cause us to take matters into our own hands and fold up a slip of paper and use that to stop our food from wobbling off the table! But I ordered the fish and chips, which was good, the fish wasn't incredibly fresh but the chips were delicious, I also ordered the vanilla and malt smoothie which was also delicious but quite small in size, finally for dessert I ordered the rhubarb sundae which was absolutely delightful and the vanilla ice-cream on top added to the scrumptious taste.
The place was full, but I didn't have to wait for long to sit. All the staffs are friendly and have good manner. The food is normal, taste good. And also the good view from restaurant is the supporting factor.
We did a low key Valentine's Day and got lunch at St Heliers Bay Cafe, we didn't have to wait too long (yay!). Our waiter was really helpful with the menu, he recommended the chicken cotoletta which was delicious. My bf had the haloumi salad. It is a bit more expensive than your average cafe but it's definitely worth it.
Great location looking out over the water at St Heliers, nicely laid out with seating and an internal courtyard where you can wait and order cabinet food to takeaway. Even though the cafe was chock full we didn't have to wait long for our buzzer to go off. Table size was a bit small, but then it's probably necessary considering how popular it is here, and did I mention how amazing the cabinet food / desserts and gelato looked! I had the smoked fish omelette which I couldn't fault (although I don't think it's necessary to serve omelette with toasted bread), and the service was super friendly, so can definitely recommend this cafe!
Food outstanding - Coffee poor. We stopped in for Sunday brunch. The wait wasn't long for a table. We ordered the smoked fish omelette a clear 5/5. I enjoyed every mouthful. My wife had the hot cakes. She loved them. Coffees were a bit of a let down. Her small flat white coffee was incredible weak. 1/5. We let the wait staff know and they proceeded to explain with excuses. "It's weaker because it's one shot. Would you like two shots?" Actually it was very milky and clearly the barista was out of their depth. It tasted like a 1/4shot. My large coffee was better but not great. 2.5/5. My wife explained to the waiter that the problem was not a single shot. She's a top barista. She said it's just weak. No offer of a replacement coffee. My wife didn't finish her coffee. When we paid we let the person taking the payment know. They asked what was wrong with the coffee and again we explained and again no offer to drop the price, or no apology just an acknowledgment of our comments. So why the 4.0. Well the smoked fish omelette was an easy 5. My wife rated the hotcakes highly. The coffee and response to customer complaints is weak. We've had coffee here previously and it was fine. If we get another dud coffee we'll probably bail on the place for a while. Oh and definitely send it straight back.
Food outstanding - Coffee poor. We stopped in for Sunday brunch. The wait wasn't long for a table. We ordered the smoked fish omelette a clear 5/5. I enjoyed every mouthful. My wife had the hot cakes. She loved them. Coffees were a bit of a let down. Her small flat white coffee was incredible weak. 1/5. We let the wait staff know and they proceeded to explain with excuses. "It's weaker because it's one shot. Would you like two shots?" Actually it was very milky and clearly the barista was out of their depth. It tasted like a 1/4shot. My large coffee was better but not great. 2.5/5. My wife explained to the waiter that the problem was not a single shot. She's a top barista. She said it's just weak. No offer of a replacement coffee. My wife didn't finish her coffee. When we paid we let the person taking the payment know. They asked what was wrong with the coffee and again we explained and again no offer to drop the price, or no apology just an acknowledgment of our comments. So why the 4.0. Well the smoked fish omelette was an easy 5. My wife rated the hotcakes highly. The coffee and response to customer complaints is weak. We've had coffee here previously and it was fine. If we get another dud coffee we'll probably bail on the place for a while. Oh and definitely send it straight back.
I agree with other people that there seems to be ongoing issues here in relation to the balance between style and substance. Well-presented wait staff are never likely to be the deciding factor in the overall experience. I went for lunch this week with a friend and was more than happy to pay decent money for a good quality experience. Sadly, the meals were disappointing. I gave half my lamb - slow cooked and tasty but insufficient moistness in the pumpkin purée and chickpeas made it too dry a combination to really enjoy) - to my friend who had chosen the beetroot and feta salad. This tasted good at first, but at $22, it was largely just beet root, with a few meagre crumbs of feta. Underwhelming, to say the least. The service was attentive, but still a few unnecessary slip ups. Stylish for sure, but only average food wise.
Its always good to hear from locals when reviewing restaurants and locals we are. We love this place and frequent it from dawn (after morning run or swim) to dusk (catching up with friends, family, work colleagues). We love the staff, the coffee the sparkling water, bar selection and menu. Its great bistro food, always fresh and well presented without being fussy. Favourites include the lamb, pine nut and tomato pizzetta as a starter and the lamb shoulder with labneh sultanas and lentils as a main. Finishing dinner with affogato is never a bad move. If there is a wait for dinner, enjoy a craft beer or prosecco at the in-house bar and enjoy the magnificent view and ambience, or as an alternative, take your lobster buzzer and wait at another bar or on the beach until you are buzzed for your table. This place outshines anything else the bay has to offer.
We have enjoyed the Bistro since it opened as well as Cafe Kohi and the cafe in Takapuna, staff and food 1st class. However, last night we went down for supper and were greeted by a very pleasant young man who told us there was a wait. He thought about 30 minutes so we decided to stay, he was true to his word and it was just under the time he had said when we sat down. We ordered and received our starter very promptly but then had to wait an hour and still no sign of our mains. We told our waitress who apologised profusely but still no mains course. We then noticed people around us who had not been there long getting their meals and told another member of staff. Eventually a female who appeared to be management and rather unpleasant brought our meals and made a sarcastic comment of "have you been waiting"!!!!! There was no attempt of an apology from her and her attitude suggested she couldn't care less.
Popped in on the weekend for a coffee and brioche to take away. Service at the counter was lovely and friendly. A bit of a wait for coffee, which was fine given how crazy busy the cafe was. Just a shame the coffee I was handed was luke warm and the brioche i asked to be heated was cold. I could have complained and asked for another coffee and for the brioche to be heated, however the place was so busy, and I didn't have time to wait around for another hot coffee to be made. A cafe that can't get the basics right really needs to lift its game given the competition in the area. I may give it another shot if I'm in St Heliers again and won't write this place off just yet, but disappointing visit thus far.
First of all, just to be picky. St Heliers Bay Bistro and Cafe is on the waterfront at ST HELIERS not Mission Bay and is in the new modern glass building on the corner of Tamaki Drive and Maheke St not halfway along that block as the map shows. Once found though, it's a great venue - classy and modern with great views out to Rangitoto and offering something for everyone at anytime of day. We went for brunch and though very busy the service was friendly and efficient and we got our meals quite quickly The Big Healthy is popular and lives up to its name with plenty of veg and healthy grain toast. Eggs Bene was delicious with bacon and the wood fired mushrooms divine.The coffee is good but there's a huge selection of other drinks, teas and shakes and smoothies, a comprehensive wine list and several cocktails on offer. There's a lovely courtyard if you have to wait for a table and also a servery for muffins and pastries and cakes and ice creams to take away The two preschoolers with us were welcomed and enjoyed their scrambled egg and lashings of bacon! I'd like to go back soon and sample the lunch menu.and after that maybe dinner! The menus looked great
Changed our mind about this place. Duty manager/maitre d not professional with dealing, kept telling us it is ok to eat pink chicken and that's the way it is cooked and the meat itself is naturally pink even after cooking. Sadly the other dish - hamburger is lacking in seasoning and tasted bland. We were blamed for making one of the wait staff upset with our initial complain hence I deemed this very unprofessional and uncalled for. Again, eateries should always bare in mind that some of your customers are in the hospitality industry themselves and would have firsthand knowledge on appropriate and professional complains dealing.
I know this place is busy, but having to wait outside in the cold and rain mid June is pushing it a little. It would be nice to to be able to book a table if you have 4 or more so that you are not 'literally' left standing out in the cold with friends and family.
